,ROW_ID,text,ADVANCED.CANCER,ADVANCED.HEART.DISEASE,ADVANCED.LUNG.DISEASE,ALCOHOL.ABUSE,CHRONIC.NEUROLOGICAL.DYSTROPHIES,CHRONIC.PAIN.FIBROMYALGIA,DEMENTIA,DEPRESSION,DEVELOPMENTAL.DELAY.RETARDATION,NON.ADHERENCE,NONE,OBESITY,OTHER.SUBSTANCE.ABUSE,SCHIZOPHRENIA.AND.OTHER.PSYCHIATRIC.DISORDERS
1661,49816,": : : Sex: F Service: Transplant Surgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female with end stage renal disease secondary to diabetes Type since the age of who had undergone living related renal transplantation in . Subsequently the patient suffered a chronic rejection and required a retransplantation on . This was a living, unrelated male transplantation. Postoperative course was complicated by Klebsiella urinary tract infection and ureteral necrosis requiring ureteropyeloplasty with stent on , and required a percutaneous nephrostomy tube. Since then the patient has had several admissions due to abdominal pain. In , the patient was admitted and was found to have urine leaking from her wound. Nephrogram at the time showed extravasation of urine from the anastomosis between the transplanted kidney and the ureter. An internal/external stent was placed and the patient continued on her antibiotics. The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation hospital on , only to return to on , again complaining of abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Staff at the rehabilitation hospital noted that the patient's p.o. intake was poor due to nausea and vomiting and the patient also had several regular bowel movements, mostly soft up to four times a day. On arrival to , the patient was her usual state, uncooperative with the medical staff and complaining that she was nauseous. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: End stage renal disease, secondary to diabetes Type , Stage , status post living related renal transplantation in , complicated by chronic rejection status post a living unrelated renal transplantation on , history of postoperative complication noted as above. Initially, the patient suffered recurrent urinary tract infection with Enterobacter cloacae. In addition, the patient has a history of hypothyroidism, osteopenia, diabetic myonecrosis, a long history of depression, personality disorder, myocardiac and benzodiazepine dependence, eating disorder, diabetes-related neuropathy, nephropathy and retinopathy, neopathic bladder, gastroparesis, hypercholesterolemia, history of vaginal cancer in situ and otitis media. ALLERGIES: Sulfa, Ativan/Haldol. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Tacrolimus mg p.o. b.i.d., CellCept mg b.i.d., Ambien, Protonix, Lopressor mg b.i.d., Meropenem mg b.i.d., Synthroid, insulin sliding scale with Glargine, Reglan mg q. hours. LABORATORY DATA: Laboratory studies on admission revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets . Chemistries, sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide of , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , calcium was ., magnesium ., phosphorus ., PT ., PTT . with an INR of .. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination on admission revealed the patient is afebrile at ., heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , sating % on room air, fingerstick was . The patient was alert and oriented times three, noncooperative, thin-appearing woman. No jugulovenous distension, supple neck. Cardiovascular examination, rate and rhythm regular, S and S without murmurs. Respiratory clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen, soft, nondistended and nontender with nephrostomy tube in place. There is discomfort over the bladder noted. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's complicated history of transplanted kidney and bladder problems, Neurology was consulted before Foley catheter was placed, and nephrostomy study was planned to investigate the patient's persistent nausea and vomiting the patient underwent a barium esophagogram on . The esophagus was normal in caliber and although this was a very limited study the majority of the barium passed out of the esophagus into the stomach and proximal small bowel in ten minutes. The patient reported to the floor after this study and was given lunch, and soon thereafter the patient was found by the nursing staff to be lying on the right side in a pool of vomit and blood. The patient was unresponsive, cyanotic, gasping for air, and incontinent of stool. Vital signs at the time revealed the patient had a heart rate of with blood pressure /, breathing with her mouth with some difficulty, % on room air with a blood sugar of . Because the patient was unresponsive, the patient was emergently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit where the patient was intubated for airway production and underwent workup of her acute mental status change. The patient's Intensive Care Unit stay from went to will be summarized by systems. Central nervous system - The patient was found to be unresponsive on transfer to Intensive Care Unit. She was flaccid and her neck was stiff. Her eyes were deviated to the right side and she had upgoing toes bilaterally. The patient underwent emergent computerized tomography scan of the head without contrast which showed no evidence of acute infarct or hemorrhage, the only findings were microvascular angiopathy consistent with a history of hypertension. The patient also underwent an emergent magnetic resonance of the head and magnetic resonance angiography of the head which showed no infarct or hemorrhages. There was no evidence of mass effect, and the circle of and the major tributaries in the head showed no evidence of aneurysmal flow abnormality. The patient was suspected to have had a seizure and was empirically started on Dilantin. The patient also underwent an electroencephalogram which did not show any epileptiforms. When the patient was intubated for airway production the patient needed to be placed on Propofol for sedation. The patient underwent an lumbar puncture to rule out encephalitis and there was no evidence consistent with infectious causes of encephalitis. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head on which showed profound changes in the appearance of the brain with large areas of elevated P signal and diffusion restrictions symmetrically within the posterior temporal and occipital lobes. There were also abnormal signs of the left ischial cortex and the subtemporal white matter on the left, all demonstrating extensive enhancement. The distribution of these abnormalities all raise the possibility of Tacrolimus toxicity in this leukoencephalopathy. It should be noted that on retrospect the patient had Tacrolimus level of . the morning of . The patient was weaned off Propofol and extubated on and her neurological status was carefully observed. The patient enjoyed initial improvements, however, it was clear that the patient remained below baseline in terms of her mental status, showing impairment in higher cortical functions. The patient came out of the unit on and continued to be monitored carefully on the floor with respect to her mental status. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain on which showed a resolution of the diffusion abnormality seen on the scan from with the remaining flares. This was interpreted by Radiology to be nonsuggestive of a leukoencephalopathy but more suggestive of encephalitis or infarction. However, Tacrolimus associated toxicity does not always result in irreversible changes on the scans and it is the opinion of the transplant team that the patient suffered Tacrolimus toxicity-related leukoencephalopathy. The patient underwent repeat electroencephalogram on which showed diffuse swelling consistent with encephalopathy with cortical and subcortical involvement and there were no epileptiforms. Neurology Team had been consulted since the event on , and suggested that since there was no evidence of epilepsy, electroencephalogram as well as the clinical observation, the patient be taken off of Dilantin, however, the patient remained on Keppra on discharge as per recommendations from the Neurology Consult Team. The patient was examined by Neurology Team member on the day of discharge, complaining of decrease in vision, difficulty using call buttons and so on. The patient was found to be awake, alert and oriented to self, and to location but not oriented to date or the year. The patient had fluent speech but frequent difficulty finding words and had phonetic errors. The patient was able to follow simple commands but was unable to follow complex multi-step commands. She showed neglect of left space visually but able to name left and right hands, the patient shows extinguishment on the left side. On examination, the patient showed a left pupil which was briskly reactive, right pupil which was postoperative and nonreactive. The patient demonstrates left hemifield vision loss, left facial droop with upper motor neuron pattern and tongue in the midline. The patient shows a slight left pronator drift with mild left hemithoraces, out of proportion to the over-deconditioning. All of these findings were consistent with the findings on the magnetic resonance imaging scan. Neurology Team recommends repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan in one month. The patient had been followed by Psychiatry prior to this admission and again as the patient became alert and responsive was again followed by Psychiatry Service. As mentioned above, the patient has a long history of depression as well as personality disorder, eating disorder and dependence on medications of narcotic and benzodiazepines. The patient was re-evaluated once the patient came onto the floor. She was thought to be having delirium secondary to possible metabolic abnormalities which were consistent with hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia which she has suffered. The delirium superimposing the underlying diffuse cortical injury, manifested with the patient's becoming very anxious, having some paranoid ideations requiring one to one observation as well as Haldol. The patient improved with Haldol and is improving in her other medical conditions. The patient improved psychiatrically without any suicidal or homicidal ideations or without any apparent paranoia or delusions. On the day of discharge, the patient was re-evaluated by the psychiatry attending who found the patient to be stable for transfer to a rehabilitation hospital. Cardiovascular - The patient was hypotensive initially on admission to the Intensive Care Unit with elevated white count and fever requiring some pressor support. This was consistent with the patient's picture of sepsis and once the patient was treated appropriately, the patient was weaned off of pressors without any difficulty. Otherwise the patient did not have any cardiovascular issues. Respiratory - The patient was intubated upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit for airway protection and developed bilateral infiltrates on computerized axial tomography scans and worsening chest-rays. This was consistent with aspiration pneumonitis. The patient eventually developed Aspergillus in the sputum culture as well as Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The patient was treated appropriately and was successfully extubated on . Since her extubation, the patient did not suffer any further respiratory issues. Gastrointestinal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit after the patient was stabilized, the patient was given a post pyloric feeding tube and was started on tube feeds. This continued to support her nutritionally, however, became a problem once the patient was extubated and was awake at which time the patient started pulling out her feeding tube after several attempts at trying to keep the feeding tube. The patient was started on total parenteral nutrition and was supported with total parenteral nutrition for some time before she was weaned off. By the time of discharge, the patient had improved significantly enough that she was taking adequate p.o. intake, not requiring any parenteral nutritional support. The patient did not suffer any episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding and otherwise had intact course of stay with respect to the gastrointestinal system. Renal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, the patient was found to have decreased urine output. Eventually it was discovered that the patient was suffering from acute tubal necrosis, however, she recovered rather quickly from this episode, and did well. The patient's highest creatinine was .. The patient returned to her baseline creatinine of . by the time of discharge. Her transplanted kidney, continued on her immunosuppressive therapy, upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, she was taking Prograf mg b.i.d. and CellCept mg b.i.d. The patient was maintained on Prograf with measurement of her levels to make sure that she was not toxic. When magnetic resonance imaging scan findings suggested that this acute mental status event of , may be due to Tacrolimus toxicity, the patient was taken off of Tacrolimus and instead was started on Rapamycin. The patient initially started off with Rapamycin mg q.d. and was titrated up to her current level of mg q.d., the last Rapamycin level was . which was therapeutic on . The patient's CellCept dose was also adjusted and on discharge, the patient was taking CellCept mg p.o. q.i.d. All in all, the patient s transplanted kidney remained functioning well with creatinine of . on discharge. Prior to discharge, the patient was in mild metabolic acidosis, this is most likely due to the ketoacidosis with the patient not being able to tolerate a basal level of Glargine for some time. Prior to discharge, this acidosis was treated with Bicitra and the patient remains on cc three times a day on discharge. This will be monitored by Transplant Center Team and the course of this will be determined during her follow up visits. The patient had a history of ureteral anastomosis necrosis and leak and had a percutaneous nephrostomy on her admission to the Intensive Care Unit. On , the day after she left the Intensive Care Unit the patient tolerated capping of the percutaneous nephrostomy tubing and on , she underwent internalization of the nephroureteral stent. Since then the patient did not have any difficulty and did not have any urinary leak. She had one episode of urinary retention while on the floor and was treated with Foley catheter. On discharge, the patient tolerated a voiding trial and was able to void without any difficulty. Endocrine system - Given the patient's long history of insulin dependent diabetes, the patient was supported on insulin drip during her stay in the Intensive Care Unit and was treated with Humalog and Glargine while she was on the floor. The patient had widely fluctuating serum glucose level and there was some difficulty attaining a therapeutic level of Glargine without becoming severely hypoglycemic. For some time, the patient became hypoglycemic on even a fraction of the usual dose of Glargine that she was used to taking and required staying off of Glargine for some time. As her mental status improved and her p.o. intake improved, the patient was able to tolerate units of Glargine a day by the time of discharge and was covered with a low level of Humalog sliding scale, please see the attached Humalog sliding scale for further details. The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was treated with Synthroid. On discharge, the patient is on Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. and her TSH on discharge was ., within normal limits. Infectious disease - The patient underwent lumbar puncture after acute mental status change which did not show any evidence of infectious encephalitis. The patient was found to have Aspergillus in her sputum which correlated with worsening pulmonary status on radiologic examination. The patient also grew out Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in her sputum. The patient was treated appropriately with antibiotics and did not have any further infectious disease related issues until the end of at which time her central venous line was taken out. This line was used for total parenteral nutrition and that line grew out Methicillin-sensitive resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Prior to discharge, the patient was found to have urinary tract infection with yeast and was started on Fluconazole. Urine fungal culture was pending at the time of discharge and the patient was discharged with Fluconazole for a two week course, requiring ten additional days of treatment at the rehabilitation. The patient also complained of having some loose bowel movements prior to discharge. The patient was empirically started on Flagyl for treatment of Clostridium Difficile. However, none of her stool samples were positive for Clostridium difficile toxin. The patient is to complete a course of Flagyl for eight more days at the rehabilitation hospital. The patient is also prescribed Metamucil to put more bulk in her bowel movement. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to rehabilitation. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Fair, improving. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . End stage renal disease due to diabetes Type . . Status post living related renal transplant in and followed by chronic rejection. . Status post living unrelated renal transplant in . . Tacrolimus-related leukoencephalopathy. . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia as well as Aspergillus pneumonitis. . Ureteral anastomotic leak. . Diabetes Type with difficult glycemic control. In addition the patient has a diagnosis of hypothyroidism, hypercholesterolemia, osteoporosis, depression, chronic pain syndrome, chronic heel ulcers, personality disorder. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Miconazole nitrate powder, apply to appropriate areas four times a day. . Nystatin , units per cc, cc p.o. q.i.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. . CellCept mg one capsule p.o. q. . . Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. . Combivent - mcg for activation one to two puffs inhaled q. hours. . Keppra mg p.o. b.i.d. . Glargine units subcutaneous at dinnertime and Humalog subcutaneous per sliding scale. . Bicitra / mg per cc, cc p.o. t.i.d. . Haldol mg p.o. t.i.d. and Haldol . mg p.o. t.i.d. prn. It should be noted that Haldol is prescribed only for treatment of her delirium and is not to continue on as permanent psychiatric medication. . Flagyl mg p.o. t.i.d. for eight days. . Fluconazole mg p.o. q.d. for ten days. . Rapamycin mg p.o. q.d. until change by Transplant Center. . Metamucil one packet p.o. t.i.d. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow up with Dr. at the Transplant Center on at PM. The patient needs to have her blood drawn every Monday and Thursday for complete blood count, chem-, Rapamycin level and results faxed to the Transplant Center, fax . The patient will have follow up with Dr. from Neurology Service in approximately three weeks and is recommended to have a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain with contrast in one month. The patient is to continue on Keppra until follow up with Neurology. The patient is to continue follow up with the Psychiatry Department at the rehabilitation hospital and the patient will need a neuropsychiatric evaluation in the future, no sooner than four weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
581,10047,": : : Sex: F Service: Neurosurgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a -year-old lady with a complicated past medical history, transferred from , from the Hospital. She was admitted with a one-day history of the worse headache of her life which was gradually increasing in severity. On the day before admission (on , the patient lost consciousness in her bathroom and was found down by her relatives. Unsure whether the patient had seizures or not. The patient also had a two-week history of right ear block. She was seen both by her neurologist and primary care physician and was prescribed Medrol dose pack. The patient was found to have a hemotympanum on the same side. The patient was taken to the Hospital in Dairy, , and CT scan was done. CT showed a right frontal subdural hemorrhage which was probably subacute. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: (Past medical history is significant for . Coronary artery disease, status post non-Q-wave myocardial infarction in , status post a coronary artery bypass graft in , and multiple percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties and stents; the last one was one month ago. . She also has a history of peripheral vascular disease, status post aortobifemoral and right subclavian femoral-femoral bypass graft. . She also has a history of hyperlipidemia. . Seizure disorder. . Hypertension. . Hypothyroidism. ALLERGIES: Her allergies are to HEPARIN; she has a history of HEPARIN-INDUCED thrombocytopenia. CODEINE, SULFA, and CECLOR. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Her medications include Neurontin, Depakote, Pepcid, Synthroid, Zocor, and TriCor, aspirin, Coumadin, metoprolol, Accupril, Isordil, Flexeril, and Plavix (which she had discontinued just the day before. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION: On examination, her vital signs were stable. Respiratory rate was , heart rate was , blood pressure was /, and oxygen saturation was %. On neurologic examination she was alert and oriented times three. Pupils were equal, round, and reactive to light; mm in size. Extraocular movements were full. She followed commands. There was no facial droop. The tongue was midline. Shoulder shrug was . There was a left-sided drift. She did have a prior left-sided Erb palsy in hands. Left upper extremity muscle strength was +. Right upper extremity muscle strength was ; and all other muscle groups were . Fine touch was slightly decreased on the left side of the body. Her reflexes were bilateral and equal. RADIOLOGY/IMAGING: CT scan showed a subacute subdural hemorrhage with a midline shift. PERTINENT LABORATORY DATA ON PRESENTATION: INR was .. These laboratories were done at the outside hospital. HOSPITAL COURSE: She was admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit on . Her INR was corrected with fresh frozen plasma. Her ventricular drain was placed on . She was started on intravenous oxacillin. In the early morning of , her neurologic status deteriorated, and she became unresponsive. She was taken to the operating room emergently. There, a craniotomy and drainage of the subdural hematoma was done. She was transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit soon afterward and was extubated there. Post extubation she was moving all four limbs, was alert, awake, and oriented, and her status continued to improve. While she was in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit, she was also seen by the Vascular team and cardiologist in relation to her past medical issues. She was transferred to the floor on . She continued to improve neurologically. At the time of this Discharge Summary she was pending rehabilitation placement. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Right-sided subacute subdural hematoma. , : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
453,6489,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: GI Bleed Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: Mr. is a yo male s/p cadaveric renal transplant in presenting with increasing fatigue, chills and bloody stools. Per patient, he has been feeling tired over the past month with poor appetite and has noted a metalic taste in his mouth. He also notes abdominal pain localized to his LLQ which he describes as cramping. He states that he has had this pain since he had the transplant in . Over the past d he has noticed some blood in the toilet boil as well as when he wipes himself. He denies any fevers, dizziness, headache, vision changes, hematemesis, SOB, or chest pain. He has noted some swelling in his ankles. He also continues to make urine. Of note, the patient has been non-compliant with his immunosupressant medications. Per patient, he takes medications days of the week but does not take all the pills he has been prescribed to take. This has been documented extensively in OMR. He was recently admitted to in late and underwent a renal biopsy which demonstrated rejection. . The patient presented to Dr. (his nephrologist office today and was found to have SBPs in the 's. He was sent to the ED for further work-up. . In the ED his initial vitals were T . BP / AR RR O sat % RA. He received Labetolol mg. EKG showed isolated ST elevations in V-V. Past Medical History: ESRD s/p L renal transplant in Hypertension Hyperlipidemia Social History: Lives with family. Single. Denies tobacco, alcohol, orDA. Family History: sister who is also has ESRD on HD (?etiology Physical Exam: vitals T . BP / AR RR O sat % RA Gen: Patient lying in bed HEENT: MMM, no JVD Heart: nl s/s, no s/s, ? pericardial friction rub Lungs: CTAB, no crackles Abdomen: soft, non-tender, transplanted kidney palpable in LLQ-no tenderness elicited Extremities: No edema, + DP/PT pulses bilaterally Pertinent Results: Admit labs: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :PM BLOOD ALT- AST- CK(CPK-* TotBili-. :AM BLOOD LD(LDH-* CK(CPK-* :PM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD Albumin-. Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-. Iron-* :PM BLOOD calTIBC-* Ferritn-GREATER TH TRF-* :PM BLOOD FK-.* . Urine Benzos, Barbs, Opiates, Cocaine, Amphet, Mthdne are Negative . CMV immunology : CMV DNA not detected. . Stool : No salmonella, shigella, campylobacter, vibrio, yersinia, E Coli O:H, C Diff. . Stool : ova & parasites. . Relevant Imaging: . EKG :Left atrial enlargement. Left ventricular hypertrophy. Compared to the prior tracing of no diagnostic interim change. . CXR :Marked cardiomegaly is similar to the prior exam, but enlarged compared to preoperative films. This is concerning for pericardial effusion. Lung volumes are low but lungs are clear with no pleural effusion. No pulmonary congestion. . ECHO : The left atrium is mildly dilated. The estimated right atrial pressure was - mmHg. There is severe symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size and regional/global systolic function (LVEF>%. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic root is mildly dilated at the sinus level. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. The mitral valve appears structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation. There is a small to moderate sized circumferential pericardial effusion without evidence for hemodynamic compromise. Compared with the focused study (images reviewed of , the effusion is minimally increased. There is very prominent symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy c/w longstanding hypertension. In the absence of this, an infiltrative process should be considered (e.g.,yloid, Fabry's, etc.. . U/S ABDOMEN/PELVIS FINDINGS: The liver shows no focal or textural abnormalities. There is no biliary dilatation and the common duct measures . cm. The portal vein is patent with hepatopetal flow. The gallbladder is contracted. No stones are identified within the gallbladder. (Patient ate lunch one hour prior to exam. In the left lower quadrant, the transplanted kidney is . cm. There is no hydronephrosis and no evidence of inflammation. Doppler son demonstrate appropriate upstroke and waveforms in the renal arteries with RIs measuring . to .. Appropriate flow is identified in the renal vein. There is a large perirenal hematoma identified which was seen on the prior exam. IMPRESSION: Contracted gallbladder with no evidence of gallstones. Large perirenal transplant hematoma unchanged from the prior exam. No hydronephrosis and appropriate renal transplant vasculature. . Brief Hospital Course: yo male status post failed left renal transplant who presented with worsening renal failure with a hospital course complicated by febrile neutropenia and hypertensive urgency. . . Graft rejection/uremia: Patient presented with worsening renal failure in the setting of graft rejection secondary to medication non-compliance. Renal and transplant teams were consulted, and a possible nephrectomy should be considered as outpatient. The patient presented with metabolic acidosis which resolved with HD and was most likely secondary to uremia. He was set up for outpatient HD. As above, the patient was on bactrim for prophylaxis given his chronic immunosuppresion; however, this was discontinued in the setting of neutropenia. His immunosupressive regimen was adjusted; he was discharged on Prednisone mg by mouth daily and Tacrolimus mg by mouth every hours. He was discharged on Lanthanum mg PO DAILY. Abdominal ultrasound showed a large perirenal transplant hematoma unchanged from the prior exam; no hydronephrosis; and appropriate renal transplant vasculature. . . Febrile neutropenia: The patient presented with thrombocytopenia and leukopenia most likely secondary to drug effect, with bactrim being the most likely culprit. Of note, in addition to bactrim, cellcept, tacrolimus, minoxidil, and valganciclovir may also cause leukopenia. The Bactrim was discontinued on as it was thought to be the primary suspect; the leukopenia persisted. Per the hematology consultants, leukopenia from Bactrim may persist for a period of time after the drug's discontinuation. His ANC nadired at ; Mr. was placed on neutropenic precautions. G-CSF was started when the patient spiked a temperature. Cefipime was started prophylactically when he became febrile in the setting of a low ANC; cefipime was discontinued when he was afebrile and ANC was trending upward. Since bactrim had been discontined, we expect his counts will continue to improve. Upon discharge, he was afebrile and his ANC rose to . . . Thrombocytopenia: The time course of the patient's thrombocytopenia was likely the result of his immunosuppression and actually predated this admission. Hematology was consulted and assessed that the platelet count nadir on at and its subsequent trend upwards corresponded with the discontinuation of many of his immunosuppressive medications as well as the valganciclovir. However, on the day prior to discharge the platelet count reached its true nadir of on this admission but trended upwarded to on the day of disharge, likely still representing the immunosuppressive effects of these medications. . . Hypertensive urgency: He was initially admitted from his outpatient nephrology clinic to the ICU with malignant hypertension likely due to non-compliance with outpatient regimen. He had no evidence of end organ damage. Serum tox screen was negative. His hypertension was initially controlled with a labetolol drip in the ICU. He was subequently weaned off this drip. He was give nifedipine for BP control and developed a hypotensive reaction to nifedipine, which was subsequently discontinued. Minoxidil mg was decreased from to once daily as his BP decreased. He was discharged on Labetalol mg PO B. . . GIB: At the beginning of the hospital stay he experienced several episodes of fresh blood on toilet paper which was painless. The BRBPR was felt to be most likely hemorrhoidal bleeding in setting of qualitative platelet defects of uremia. GI recommended Colonoscopy; however the patient refused. As the patient also complained of melena, NG lavage was performed and was negative as well. GI did not recommend endoscopy given negative NG lavage. His BRBPR and subjective melena resolved without medical intervention. . . Anemia: He was initially admitted to the ICU with a HCT of and received a PRBC transfusion on admission. After transfer from the ICU his HCT was stable in the low s, with a baseline Hct between -. Two more units of PRBC were given on and HCT improved to . The patient is anemic chronically secondary to chronic kidney disease and the HCT drop initially may have been due to a GI bleed which resolved as discussed above. . . Elevatedylase/lipase/alk phosphatase. Ultrasound was performed to evaluate for cholelithiasis. A contracted gallbladder was seen with no evidence of gallstones. Etiology of elevatedylase/lipase/alk phosphatase was unknown. The patient complained of vague LLQ pain and nausea but was otherwise asymptomatic. Outpatient followup recommended. . . FEN: Will advance to clear liquids today . . Access: PIV . . Communication: With patient . . Code: Full . . Followup: -He was scheduled for a followup hemodialysis appointment with Dr. at on Tuesday, , at PM. -f/u of BK virus assay. The renal team asked our team to send out this test; it should be followed up by the nephrologist as an outpatient. -PCP followup was recommended in weeks. Medications on Admission: Valgancyclovir PRN CellCept mg PRN Nifedipine PRN Labetalol Minoxidil mg Prednisone mg QOD Prograf mg QAM & mg PO QHS Discharge Medications: . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Tacrolimus mg Capsule Sig: Four ( Capsule PO QH (every hours. . Labetalol mg Tablet Sig: . Tablets PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Lanthanum mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet, Chewable(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: ESRD with graft rejection Hypertensive Urgency Febrile neutropenia Discharge Condition: Afebrile and hemodynamically stable Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to with end stage renal disease and incresased blood pressure. You need hemodialysis times a week. . Please take all the medications as written. Your tacrolimus dosage was decreased during your hospitalization. Please take mg of tacrolimus twice daily at home. Also, your blood pressure medications dosages have changed. You are no longer taking minoxidil and are taking labetalol mg twice a day. Please see attached prescription. . Please keep all the follow up appointments. . If you develope chest pain, shortness of breath or any other concerning symptoms please call your primary care doctor or come to the emergency department. Followup Instructions: Please call your primary care doctor to make a follow up appointment within one week of discharge from the hospital. Continue to go to hemodialysis three times a week. . You have a scheduled followup hemodialysis appointment with Dr. at on Tuesday, , at PM. . , : : : , : : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
1078,21511,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins / Sulfa (Sulfonamides : Chief Complaint: s/p left internal carotid stent Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: s/p left internal carotid stent History of Present Illness: yo woman with carotid stenosis referred for revascularization. Pt had carotid duplex showing severe bilateral stenosis. Pt subsequently underwent MRA and had a carotid angiogram , which showed % and % stenoses. Pt denies any symptoms, including visual changes, TIA, lightheadedness, dizziness. Past Medical History: Hypothyroidism Hypertension Bilateral carotid stenosis s/p left internal carotid stent Hypercholesterolemia Social History: The patient is widowed and has no children. She does have a younger brother. She smokes ppd for years but does not want to quit. She denies any ETOH or illicit drugs. Family History: No family history of coronary artery disease. Pertinent Results: . Successful stenting of the % proximal Left Internal Carotid stenosis. Brief Hospital Course: yo woman with HTN, hyperchol, hypothyroid, presents s/p left internal carotid stent for % carotid stenosis. Pt did well post-procedure with stable blood pressures on a nitro drip and normal serial neuro exam. She was d/c'd home on her outpt medication, including Plavix and Aspirin. Medications on Admission: Lipitor Levoxyl Lisinopril ASA Plavix Lopressor Lasix KCl Discharge Medications: . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Levothyroxine Sodium mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Potassium Chloride mEq Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: One ( Capsule, Sustained Release PO DAILY (Daily. . : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: s/p left internal carotid stent Discharge Condition: Pt was in good condition, with stable vital signs. Discharge Instructions: Please call your doctor or return to the hospital if you experience chest pain, shortness of breath, visual changes, dizziness, weakness in any limbs, bleeding, cold extremities. No changes were made to your medications. Followup Instructions: , . Follow-up appointment should be in month ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1356,46014,": : : Sex: M Service: CONTINUATION OF EVENTS ON HOSPITAL COURSE: After patient had tracheostomy with endotracheal tube placed patient was slowly weaned from ventilator, tolerated pressure support and , FIO of percent. Patient initially planned to have tracheostomy change on . However, patient appeared to be fatigued from being on low levels of pressure support through the long endotracheal endotracheal tube. In the morning had brief episodes of desaturation and increased CO. Patient tracheostomy postponed to . Patient's tracheostomy changed on without difficulty. Speech and swallow evaluation ordered for the morning of . Patient's hematocrit drifting down. Anemia work up started. Reticulocyte count normal on . Patient's hematocrit decreased from . to .. Patient transfused a unit of blood. Chest-ray rechecked to evaluate for possible recurrence of hemothorax from . Chest-ray showed no pleura effusion. Examination on - vital signs, maximum temperature ., temperature current ., blood pressure /, heart rate , breathing at and %. Patient's intake and outputs were / and . Patient on AC , rate of , ., PEEP of . Patient placed on the settings prior to tracheostomy change. Patient to be weaned on pressure support to eventually change to tracheostomy mask. As far as physical examination generally alert, in no acute distress. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, bowel sounds present. Extremities no edema. Neurologic: following commands, moving all extremities, interactive. LABORATORIES FROM : CBC: ., ., . Chem-: , ., , , , ., . blood culture is negative. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: Heparin , units subcutaneously q , HP in the morning, at night, vitamin C mg b.i.d., zinc sulfate mg p.o. q day, lansoprazole mg q day, metoprolol mg p.o. t.i.d., Captopril mg p.o. t.i.d., Celexa mg p.o. q day, isosorbide dinitrate mg p.o. t.i.d., sotalol mg p.o. b.i.d., aspirin mg p.o. q day, bromindione tartrate .% ophthalmic drop per eye every hours, senna tabs p.o. q.n.s., Colace mg p.o. b.i.d., Levothyroxine sodium mcg p.o. q day, Simvastatin mcg p.o. q. day, Combivent nebulizer treatment q , Promote with fiber goal of cc an hour, sliding sale insulin, p.r.n. Dulcolax mg p.o. q day p.r.n. and Ativan to mg q p.r.n. anxiety, Tylenol to mg p.o. q p.r.n. temperature. Projected date of discharge: . CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE DISPOSITION: To rehabilitation. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
675,15011,": : : Sex: M Service: CSU HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Mr. is a year old man who underwent coronary artery bypass grafting times three as well as a Maze procedure on the with an unremarkable postoperative course. He was discharged to rehabilitation on and presented to the emergency room at Hospital on with serosanguineous drainage from the lower aspect of his sternal wound. The drainage began suddenly following an episode of coughing not associated with any chest pain, increasing shortness of breath, fever, chills, redness or erythema of the wound. He was transferred to from Hospital following initial evaluation at the emergency room at . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Is significant for coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass grafting, congestive heart failure, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation/flutter, status post Maze procedure, hypercholesterolemia, noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus, history of urosepsis, history of colon carcinoma, status post colonic resection, hypertension, degenerative joint disease, status post bilateral total knee replacement, abdominal aortic aneurysm and bilateral cataract surgery. SOCIAL HISTORY: Patient lives alone. He has a remote tobacco history, quit over years ago alcohol use limited to one drink per day. FAMILY HISTORY: Father died of prostate carcinoma. ALLERGIES: Patient states no known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Include aspirin mg daily, Lasix mg B.I.D., Colace mg B.I.D., potassium chloride mEq B.I.D., Percocet PRN, Glipizide . mg daily,iodarone mg B.I.D., Lipitor mg daily, Lopressor mg B.I.D., Coumadin . mg daily PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature ., heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , O saturation percent on liters. Neurologic: Alert and oriented times three, nonfocal examination. Cardiovascular: Regular rhythm with no murmurs, rubs or gallops, no jugular venous distension. Respiratory: Coarse breath sounds diminished at the bases. Sternal wound dehiscence with serosanguineous drainage, no surrounding erythema, fluctuance or tenderness. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended with normal active bowel sounds. Extremities are warm and well perfused with trace edema and no cyanosis. HOSPITAL COURSE: Patient was admitted to cardiothoracic surgery. Chest-ray showed misaligned sternal wires. His Coumadin was discontinued and he was scheduled to go to the operating room upon correction of his INR. On the the patient was brought to the operating room where he underwent sternal debridement and reclosure. The patient tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the operating room to the cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit. He did well in the immediate postoperative area. His anesthesia was reversed and he weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated. The following morning the patient remained hemodynamically stable. His chest tubes were removed and he was transferred to for continuous postoperative management. Over the next several days the patient had an uneventful postoperative course. His activity level was increased with the assistance of the nursing staff as well as the physical therapy staff on . A PICC line was placed for administration of long term antibiotics. At that time the patient's culture data from the operating room came back as rare coag negative staph as well as sparse enterococcus from broth culture only resistant to Vancomycin, sensitive to linezolid. At that time it was decided that the patient was stable and ready to be transferred to rehabilitation for continuing postoperative care as well as antibiotic administration. The patient's physical examination at the time of discharge: Temperature , heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , O saturation percent on room air. Weight . kilos. Laboratory data: PT/INR ., INR .. Physical examination neurologic: Alert and oriented times three, moves all extremities, follows commands, nonfocal examination. Pulmonary: Upper airway wheezes, otherwise clear to auscultation. Cardiac: Irregular rate and rhythm. Sternum is stable. Incision with staples without erythema or drainage. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended, normal active bowel sounds. Extremities are warm with no edema. Bilateral leg incision open to air with no erythema. PICC line in the right antecubital space, a French single lumen catheter. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Good. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass grafting times three complicated by sternal drainage requiring sternal rewiring on . . Atrial fibrillation status post Maze. . Hypertension. . Hypercholesterolemia. . Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus. . Degenerative joint disease, status post bilateral total knee replacement. . Abdominal aortic aneurysm. . Colon carcinoma, status post colonic resection. . Status post bilateral cataract surgery. FOLLOW UP: The patient is have follow up in the wound clinic one week following his discharge from , that would be on with one of the mid level practitioners, and follow up with Dr. in three to four weeks. MEDICATIONS AT TIME OF DISCHARGE: Include metoprolol mg B.I.D., atorvastatin mg daily, Percocet / one to two tablets q to hours PRN,iodarone mg B.I.D. times seven days, then daily, lorazepam . mg to mg q hours PRN, Combivent puffs q hours, Flovent puffs B.I.D., Lasix mg daily, warfarin as directed to maintain a goal INR of to .. The patient received mg on as well as . His warfarin dose prior to admission was . mg. Colace mg B.I.D. and linezolid mg B.I.D. times four weeks. It should be noted that the patient will require CBC as well as liver function tests q week while he is on linezolid. His staples can be removed on or about . , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1355,46014,": : : Sex: M Service: CONTINUATION OF EVENTS ON HOSPITAL COURSE: After patient had tracheostomy with endotracheal tube placed patient was slowly weaned from ventilator, tolerated pressure support and , FIO of percent. Patient initially planned to have tracheostomy change on . However, patient appeared to be fatigued from being on low levels of pressure support through the long endotracheal endotracheal tube. In the morning had brief episodes of desaturation and increased CO. Patient tracheostomy postponed to . Patient's tracheostomy changed on without difficulty. Speech and swallow evaluation ordered for the morning of . Patient's hematocrit drifting down. Anemia work up started. Reticulocyte count normal on . Patient's hematocrit decreased from . to .. Patient transfused a unit of blood. Chest-ray rechecked to evaluate for possible recurrence of hemothorax from . Chest-ray showed no pleura effusion. Examination on - vital signs, maximum temperature ., temperature current ., blood pressure /, heart rate , breathing at and %. Patient's intake and outputs were / and . Patient on AC , rate of , ., PEEP of . Patient placed on the settings prior to tracheostomy change. Patient to be weaned on pressure support to eventually change to tracheostomy mask. As far as physical examination generally alert, in no acute distress. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, bowel sounds present. Extremities no edema. Neurologic: following commands, moving all extremities, interactive. LABORATORIES FROM : CBC: ., ., . Chem-: , ., , , , ., . blood culture is negative. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: Heparin , units subcutaneously q , HP in the morning, at night, vitamin C mg b.i.d., zinc sulfate mg p.o. q day, lansoprazole mg q day, metoprolol mg p.o. t.i.d., Captopril mg p.o. t.i.d., Celexa mg p.o. q day, isosorbide dinitrate mg p.o. t.i.d., sotalol mg p.o. b.i.d., aspirin mg p.o. q day, bromindione tartrate .% ophthalmic drop per eye every hours, senna tabs p.o. q.n.s., Colace mg p.o. b.i.d., Levothyroxine sodium mcg p.o. q day, Simvastatin mcg p.o. q. day, Combivent nebulizer treatment q , Promote with fiber goal of cc an hour, sliding sale insulin, p.r.n. Dulcolax mg p.o. q day p.r.n. and Ativan to mg q p.r.n. anxiety, Tylenol to mg p.o. q p.r.n. temperature. Projected date of discharge: . CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE DISPOSITION: To rehabilitation. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
327,8765,": : : Sex: M Service: ALLERGIES: The patient has no known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS: . Coumadin mg q.d. . Lasix mg q.d.; b.i.d. . Lasix mEq to mEq q.d. . Lopressor mg b.i.d. . Glucophage mg q.d. . Serzone mg b.i.d. . BuSpar mg q.three. . Zantac mg b.i.d. . Ambien mg q.h.s. . Lipitor mg q.d. . Synacort one puff q.d. . Colace mg b.i.d. . Flomax . mg q.d. . Oxycodone p.r.n. . Aspirin mg q.d. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease. . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. . Diabetes mellitus type . . Hypertension. . Depression. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: . Status post cholecystectomy, open. . Aortic valve replacement. . Mitral valve replacement, /. . Permanent pacemaker placement, /. HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old gentleman, well known to Cardiothoracic Surgery status post AVR and MVR (both mechanical on by Dr. . The patient did well for a few weeks, but then developed shortness of breath. The patient had bilateral pleural effusions. He had talc pleurodesis six weeks to eight weeks prior to admission by Dr. . Prior to discharge, the patient had increased shortness of breath. Echocardiogram, on the date of admission, showed pericardial effusion. The patient presented to for treatment. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Examination revealed the vital signs as follows: Temperature ., pulse and regular, blood pressure /, respiratory rate , saturation % on two liters. NECK: Supple, no bruits. CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular rate and rhythm. RESPIRATORY: Coarse breath sounds, decreased breath sounds at bilateral bases. ABDOMEN: Soft and nontender, nondistended. EXTREMITIES: + bilateral edema. LABORATORY DATA: Labs on admission revealed the following: White blood cells ., hematocrit ., platelet count ,, PT ., PTT ., ., sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., blood glucose . HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the Thoracic Surgery Department. On admission, the Coumadin was held and the patient was started on heparin drip for anticoagulation. On hospital day , the patient's condition was unchanged. Some respiratory difficulties were as follows: Coarse sounds bilaterally. On hospital day , the patient was given vitamin K to reverse the anticoagulation status. The patient still had some shortness of breath. On hospital day , the patient's condition remained unchanged. The patient had heparin drip for anticoagulation. On hospital day , the patient was taken to the operating room, where left VADC and cardiac window was performed by Dr. . The operation went without complications; cc of fluid was drained from the pericardium. One pericardial and two chest tubes were placed in the operating room. The patient was transported to the PACU in stable condition. Overnight in the PACU the patient initially did well, however, the patient started developing agitation. The patient was taking swings at the nurse. He had to be physical restrained and chemically restrained with Midazolam to which he responded well. Also, on postoperative day , the patient was taken for bronchoscopy. We found moderate amount of thick, white secretions in both lungs and this was suctioned to clear airway. The patient was in respiratory distress and required Neo for his blood pressure. The patient was transported to the SICU for further management and observation. On postoperative day , the patient remained agitated, requiring chemical and physical restraints. The patient was started on Coumadin and extensive diuresis. On postoperative day , the patient was weaned off Neo and started on Coumadin. On postoperative day , the patient's postoperative delirium almost resolved. He required minimal sedation and pain medication. He was transferred to the floor in stable condition. The patient's mental status was back to normal, but he did complain of feeling tired, weak, and sleepy. Also, on postoperative day , the patient's PCA was discontinued. The patient's chest tube was also removed without complications. He was started on Percocet and Ibuprofen for pain. On postoperative day , the patient remained stable. increased to . and the heparin drip was discontinued. The patient continuedbulation, exercise, and physical therapy. On postoperative day , the patient remained stable while exercising with PT. The was . and he was discharged home with a visiting nurse in stable condition. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Lopressor mg b.i.d.. . Metformin mg q.d. . Nefazodone mg b.i.d. . BuSpar mg t.i.d. . .................... mg q.h.s.p.r.n. . Atorvastatin mg q.d. . Flovent mcg two puffs b.i.d. . Tamsulosin . mg q.h.s. . Aspirin mg q.d. . Milk of Magnesia cc q..p.r.n. . Lasix mg PO b.i.d. . Percocet to tablets PO q.h.to h.p.r.n. pain. . Ibuprofen mg PO q.h.p.r.n. . Ranitidine mg PO b.i.d. . Docusate mg PO b.i.d. . Potassium chloride mEq PO b.i.d. . Coumadin mg PO q.d. (hold on . . Guaifenesin cough drops q.h.p.r.n. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Good. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient is discharged home with for blood draws and wound check. The patient should hold his Coumadin on the date of discharge (. The patient's should be drawn daily for a week and results should be sent to the patient's primary care physician (Dr. . The patient's potassium should be checked on . The patient should be Dr. in to days for and electrolyte check, as well Coumadin-dose adjustment. The patient will followup with Dr. in two weeks in his clinic. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, DM depression started on AVR, MVR pacemaker placement status post left pleural effusion. Pericardial window. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
1023,20469,": : : Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old right-handed gentleman seen in consultation for evaluation of a cystic enhancing mass in the right frontal brain with neurologic problems beginning in when he experienced generalized tonic clonic seizure and initially thought it was from his asthma medication. Eventually, he had a head CT which did not show any abnormality. He was started on Dilantin and phenobarbital. He was on Dilantin in but was still having focal motor seizures with jerks in his left arm. He also experienced problems with his thoughts. He had loss of consciousness and typically awoke while in an ambulance. In , he stopped taking his Dilantin. In , he had generalized tonic clonic seizure again and later saw a neurologist at Medical Center who ordered an MRI. The MRI showed a mass in the right posterior frontal brain. The mass was initially biopsied by Dr. and the pathology was an astrocytoma. The patient underwent a gross total surgical resection by Dr. in and the pathology changed to low-grade oligodendroglioma. After surgery, he was followed by a neurologist, Dr. , and had an MRI once every six months. He presents now with the MRI scan now showing an enhancing multicystic lesion in the right parietal lobe. His most recent generalized tonic clonic seizure was two years ago. He is admitted status post a right parietal craniotomy for excision of this mass. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: General: The patient was a middle-aged man in no acute distress. Cardiac: Regular rate and rhythm. Abdomen: Soft. Lungs: Clear. Neurologic: Awake, oriented times three. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Valvular heart disease. . Asthma. ADMISSION MEDICATIONS: . Dilantin. . Neurontin. . Lorazepam. . Decadron. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: . Hernia repair times three. . Ganglion cyst removal. . Right paracentesis in . HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient underwent a right parietal craniotomy. Postoperatively, his vital signs were stable. He was awake, alert, and oriented times three, moving all extremities with good strength. EOMs full. No nystagmus. The tongue was midline. His dressing was clean, dry, and intact. He remained in the Recovery Room overnight. He remained neurologically stable. He was transferred to the regular floor on postoperative day number one. He had an MRI scan which showed good resection. He was out of bed ambulating, tolerating a regular diet, voiding spontaneously. He was discharged to home on postoperative day number two in stable condition and will follow-up with Dr. in the Brain Clinic on at : p.m. for staple removal and for further follow-up for further treatment. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Famotidine mg p.o. b.i.d. . Decadron currently at q. six, to wean down to b.i.d. and then down to b.i.d. and stay at b.i.d. . Percocet one to two tablets p.o. q. four hours p.r.n. pain. . Gabapentin mg two tablets t.i.d. . Dilantin mg or mg alternating days. . Neurontin t.i.d. . Decadron, weaned down to b.i.d. over seven to ten days. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
646,15613,": : : Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENTING ILLNESS: Mr. is a -year-old Caucasian gentleman who is status post liver re- transplantation for hepatitis C cirrhosis. This was complicatedongst other things by pancreatic pseudocyst development requiring surgical drainage. He was admitted with tachycardia and altered mental status with fever. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Remarkable for end-stage liver disease secondary to hepatitis C and alcohol-related cirrhosis. He had a failure of his first transplant with subsequent re- transplant. Liver failure was due to hepatic artery stenosis. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: . Bactrim. . Epogen. . Ribavirin. . Protonix. . Ursodiol. . Interferon. . Olanzapine. . Insulin. . Imodium. . Lasix. . Reglan. . Atenolol. . Miconazole. . Tacrolimus. . Cortisone. He has recently been treated for hepatitis C recurrence. He also has a history of profound depression. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: On exam, he was awake but somewhat disoriented. He had a temperature to degrees, heart rate of , and blood pressure of /. He had crackles on his chest, on the left side. Heart sounds were normal. His abdomen was soft and nondistended. His extremities were normal. LABORATORY DATA: His LFTs showed a bilirubin of , and he had a white cell count of .. HOSPITAL COURSE: He was admitted to the intensive care unit, and an extensive workup was done, including CAT scan, ultrasound, and he was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics consisting of linezolid and Zosyn. He was kept n.p.o. on TPN, and supportive care was provided. Subsequent liver biopsy was consistent with fibrosing cholestatic hepatitis. Over the next weeks, he had a progressively deteriorating course of worsening cholestasis and then proceeded to develop multiple organ failure requiring intubation and pressor support. In light of the poor prognosis of the underlying condition and after extensive discussion with the family, it was decided to withdraw support, subsequent to which the patient rapidly expired. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Fibrosing cholestatic hepatitis, liver failure subsequent to liver transplant, and multiple organ failure. , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1085,21339,": : : Sex: M Service: NEUROLOGY Allergies: Ativan : Chief Complaint: seizures/status epilepticus Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: Mr. is a year old man with a history of infantile meningitis, MR, epilepsy and recent diagnosis of atrial fibrillation, pericardial effusion and chronic hyponatremia, who was admitted after prolonged seizure yesterday. According to his mother, she called out to him and he did not respond. Upon finding him, he had convulsive movements of his left side, with his head deviated to the left. She called . The EMTs administered mg Valium at the home and an additional mg Valium in thebulance. Nonetheless, his seizures continued. The next time his mother saw him, he primarily had intermittent left gaze deviation and nystagmus. This eventually resolved with an additional mg Valium. He was then transferred here from for further evaluation. Mr. mother noted that he has had a recent increase in bowel movements, up to - per day of foul-smelling stool. She stated that recent stool cultures were negative for C. diff, although the ova and parasites evaluation was not yet completed. Mr. has also had recent difficulties with atrial fibrillation, pericarditis and pericardial effusion, for which he was hospitalized in and started treatment with Amiodarone. He has also recently had a elevated TSH, for which he is to be treated with levothyroxine. Past Medical History: -Meningitis as an infant -Mental retardation -Seizure disorder -Hyponatremia of unclear etiology (query anti-epileptics -Cardiomyopathy: unknown, though possibly ischemic etiology, EF -% but estimated pcwp < per tte doppler, no CHF sx -Possible CAD: no prior cath or stress, but upon admit for aspiration pna and sz, found to have elevated Tn (. and MB-index, multiple WMAs seen on TTE -Right atrial mass: seen on TTE, unknown etiology, not seen on subsequent TTEs -OSA Social History: Pt lives in a group home, smoked ppd yrs. No etoh or illicit drug use. Mother involved in care. Family History: No other family members with seizures. Physical Exam: Physical Exam: General: WN/WD man, agitated, frequently moving around within his bed, disrobing, unable to maintain focus to answer any questions or follow any commands, limiting examination. MS: As above. CN: Able to follow examiner around room. PERRL. Symmetric facial movements. Motor: Moves all extremities against gravity. Formal MRC testing unable to be performed. Coordination, Gait, Sensation: Unable to perform. DTRs: bilateral triceps, biceps, brachioradialis, patellar, Achilles. Downgoing toes bilaterally. Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-.* RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-. Lymphs-. Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Lipase- :AM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. :PM BLOOD calTIBC- Ferritn-* TRF- :AM BLOOD TSH-.* :AM BLOOD Free T-. :PM BLOOD Cortsol-.* :AM BLOOD Phenyto-. Valproa- :AM BLOOD ASA-NEG Ethanol-NEG Acetmnp-NEG Bnzodzp-NEG Barbitr-NEG Tricycl-NEG EEG : Abnormal EEG due to the mildly slow background and due to the relatively frequent sharp features and spikes in the right anterior quadrant. The first abnormality suggests an encephalopathy, but some of the slowing could come from drowsiness. Excessive drowsiness can also be the manifestation of an encephalopathy. The sharp features and spikes in the right anterior quadrant indicate an area of potential epileptogenesis. There were no simple spike or sharp and slow wave complexes. There were no areas of prominent focal slowing. CXR : The heart size is normal. Mediastinal position, contour and width are unremarkable. The lungs are essentially clear. Minimal atelectasis at the left retrocardiac space is demonstrated. No sizeable pleural effusion is seen. TTE : The left atrium is mildly dilated. No mass or thrombus is seen in the right atrium or right atrial appendage. The estimated right atrial pressure is mmHg. Left ventricular wall thicknesses and cavity size are normal. Due to suboptimal technical quality, a focal wall motion abnormality cannot be fully excluded. Overall left ventricular systolic function is low normal (LVEF -%. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The ascending aorta is mildly dilated. The aortic valve leaflets ( appear structurally normal with good leaflet excursion and no aortic regurgitation. The mitral valve appears structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation. There is no mitral valve prolapse. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. Compared with the prior study (images reviewed of , no right atrial mass is seen. Review of the prior images suggests the mass may have been extrinsic to the heart (e.g., liver and is more clearly defined on the current study. Brief Hospital Course: Neurology: Patient was admitted to epilepsy service after patient had been admitted with recurrent seizures in context of infectious diarrhea and possible missed medication dose. Patient had an EEG on HOD which showed generalized slowing with no epileptiform discharges, consistent with post-ictal state and valium use. Patient was also noted to be combative that day and IV access could not be obtained. Later that evening, he was noted to be acutely hypotensive with SBP /. Emergent PIV access was obtained and patient was givenF NS bolus with only small improvement in blood pressure before PIV became dislodged. He was transferred to MICU for sustained hypotension and central line need. Etiology of his hypotension likely dehydration after history of diarrhea and decreased oral fluids. In the MICU, the patient had an which showed no worsening in ejection fraction, no pericardial effusion. He received a PICC line and anti-epileptic medications were given until patient was more awake to take po. The patient returned , the step-down unit for further monitoring. His blood pressure remained stable withoutF and he was able to take his Depakote and dilantin orally with good troughs noted. He continued to have diarrhea while hospitalized and stool was positive for C. diff. The patient started on day course of po Vancomycin on . Of note, the patient's TSH was noted to be elevated (. and free T noted to be in normal range. The patient's endocrinologist was contact and no medication changes were recommended. Medications on Admission: -Amiodarone mg po q day -Depakote mg po T -Dilantin mg/ mg/ mg -ToprolL mg po q day -Folate mg po B -NaCl g po T Discharge Medications: . Folic Acid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Phenytoin Sodium Extended Oral . Phenytoin Sodium Extended mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO tab in AM, tab lunch, tabs in the evening for months: tab by mouth in the morning, tab by mouth at lunch and tab by mouth in the evening. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Amiodarone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Tablet(s . Vancomycin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO QH (every hours for days. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Valproic Acid mg Capsule Sig: Four ( Capsule PO QH (every hours for months. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Discharge Diagnosis: seizure disorder, hypotension Discharge Condition: stable Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning, if weight > lbs. Adhere to gm sodium diet. Blood pressure, hydration status and medication compliance should be assessed by VNA. VNA should also make referral for home health aid/outpatient social worker if needed. You have a seizure disorder and should take certain precautions. You are discouraged from climbing higher than feet. Do not bathe alone, as some people have drowned in the bath during a seizure. You are encouraged to take a shower and leave the door unlocked. There should be no unsupervised swimming; you should swim with other swimmers who are strong enough to rescue them. You should wear a helmet when riding a bike or rollerblades. You should not drive unless they have been seizure free for six months and your vision has been assessed and cleared for driving. While there can??????t be a universal rule applicable to every possible situation and person, older children and adults also need to take reasonable precautions or restrictions with more dangerous activities, such as operating heavy machinery and playing contact sports. Followup Instructions: , : : : ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0
944,20881,": : : Sex: F Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Lipitor : Chief Complaint: face/frontal sinus pain over the last two weeks. She had multiple ENT evaluations that were found to be negative. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: Pt is a yo male with PMHx sig for AVR on coumadin, DM, HTN, hypercholesterolemia who is transferred from NWH for evaluation of SDH. The patient has had n/l face/frontal sinus pain over the last two weeks. She had multiple ENT evaluations that were found to be negative. She had an outpatient CT today that showed a R frontal parietotemporal SDH extending from the vertex to the frontal pole and temporal tip with mild midline shift. Past Medical History: AVR on coumadin for valves, DM, HTN, hypercholesterolemia Social History: Married Accountant Family History: NC Physical Exam: On Admition: General: lying in bed NAD HEENT: NCAT, moist mucous membranes Neck: supple Pulmonary: CTA b/l Cardiac: regular rate and rhythm, with no m/r/g Carotids: no blood flow murmur Abdomen: soft, nontender, non distended, normal bowel sounds Extremities: no c/c/e. Neurological Exam: Mental status: A & O, Able to say DOWB. Fluent speech with no paraphasic or phonemic errors. Adequate comprehension. Follows simple and multi-step commands. Registers , recalls at min. Repetition intact (no ifs, ands or buts. Able to name low and high frequency objects. No apraxia/neglect. Cranial Nerves: I: Not tested II: PERRL, -->mm with light. III,,: EOMI. V,I: facial sensation intact, facial strength VIII: hearing intact b/l to finger rubbing. IX,: Palatal elevation symmetrical. : SCM XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk. Normal tone. No pronator drift. Full strength. Sensation: intact to light touch, proprioception. Reflexes: brisk throughout. Toes downgoing bilaterally. Coordination: FNF intact. At the time of Discharge: Pt. complaining of a headache, but other wise neurologically intact,bulating in the halls independently. Pertinent Results: Admit CT: IMPRESSION: cm mixed attenuation right subdural collection, consistent with acute on chronic subdural hematoma, with effacement of the cerebral sulci and mm leftward shift of midline structures. No uncal or transtentorial herniation. CT : IMPRESSION: No change in the appearance of the dominant right cerebral convexity and other subdural hematomas, and associated mass effect. Brief Hospital Course: Mrs. was admitted to the Neurosurgical service for observation and treatment of the newly diagnosed Subdural hematoma. She was initially admitted to the surgical ICU for observation and remained stable with no change in her neurological status. She was given FFP on admition to prevent further intracranial bleeding. On she was re-scanned and the size of the subdural hematoma remained stable as did she. On the patient was restarted on her Coumadin under the recommendation of vascular surgery, who felt that risk of not anticoagulating this patient with her two st. valves was too great. She received Coumadin . mg. She Remains stable with an INR of . on and is being discharged home with directions to take mg of Coumadin today and to follow up with her clinic for additional dosing. She will follow up with Dr. in one week with a CT. Medications on Admission: Glipizide mg q day, Avapro mg q day, Lopressor mg q , Prilosec mg q day, Pravastatin mg q day, Zoloft mg q day, ? Januvia, Warfarin . mg q day. Discharge Medications: . Docusate Sodium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Levetiracetam mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day for days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Irbesartan mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO q day (. Tablet(s . Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Butalbital-Acetaminophen-Caff -- mg Tablet Sig: Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Glipizide mg Tab,Sust Rel Osmotic Push hr Sig: Two ( Tab,Sust Rel Osmotic Push hr PO DAILY (Daily. . Insulin Regular Human unit/mL Solution Sig: One ( Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED. . Januvia mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO qam (. . Warfarin mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO ONCE (Once for doses. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Right sided acute on chronic Subdural hematoma Discharge Condition: Stable Discharge Instructions: General Instructions ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, or excessive bending. ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace while taking narcotic pain medication. ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, or Ibuprofen etc. ?????? If you were on a medication such as Coumadin (Warfarin, or Plavix (clopidogrel prior to your injury, you may safely resume taking this medication, please contact your coumadin clinic as soon as you leave to set up blood draws and subsequent dosings. ?????? You have been perscribed a medication called Keppra, this is for seizure propholaxis, please continue to take this medicaition until you are seen in follow up. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any confusion, lethargy or change in mental status. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not relieved by pain medication. ?????? New onset of the loss of function, or decrease of function on one whole side of your body. Followup Instructions: Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please call ( to schedule an appointment with Dr. , to be seen on Wedensday . ??????You will need a CT scan of the brain without contrast prior to your appointment. This can be scheduled when you call to make your office visit appointment. :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1448,52781,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins / Erythromycin Base / Streptomycin / Citric Acid / Atenolol / Torsemide / Heparin Agents : Chief Complaint: Bacteremia Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Transesophagealechocardiogram History of Present Illness: year old male with h/o CAD s/p stenting, systolic CHF (EF-%, atrial fibrillation, h/o cardiac arrest with heart block s/p AICD/pacemaker, trach/PEG, recent MRSA bacteremia, and recent MICU admission for hematuria and GI bleed who presents with fevers and baceteria. He was recently admitted for pneumonia and MRSA bacteremia and sepsis. Discharged on vancomycin which he has been on since. He was then readmitted to for hematuria and blood from his colostomy bag felt to be secondary to recent aspirin initiation. He was discharged to Rehab. He has had persistent fevers with Tm . and positive MRSA blood cultures at rehab. cough, cold symptoms, nausea, or vomiting. Has had diarrhea over the last several days. CP or SOB. His family reports that he was doing poorly a few days ago but has turned around in the past few days. increasing secretions and he is vent-dependent. In the ED, initial vitals were . / %. He is being admitted to the MICU for an endocarditis workup given history of positive blood cultures. Currently, he reports feeling tired but otherwise okay. Complains of pain in his back and his legs. Review of systems: (+ Per HPI (- chills, night sweats, recent weight loss or gain. headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. cough, shortness of breath, or wheezing. chest pain, chest pressure, palpitations, or weakness. nausea, vomiting, constipation, abdominal pain, or changes in bowel habits. dysuria, frequency, or urgency. arthralgias or myalgias. rashes or skin changes. Past Medical History: Rectal cancer s/p excision andRT ( CAD s/p stents (? CVA in with residual right hand dysthesia Complete heart block s/p pacemaker H/o cardiac arrest (now with AICD GI bleed secondary to angiectasias in the duodenum ( s/p cauterization via EGD Atrial fibrillation, not on Systolic CHF (EF -% S/p Fall with multiple rib fractures ( MICU admission / for hemoptysis, bleeding from trach Abdominoperineal resection with Social History: Resident of Rehab; previously had lived in with his wife, now w some depression about moving out of their year home. Has two children. Retired computer science professor. - Tobacco: cigars daily for years, quit s/p CVA - Alcohol: Previously glasses/week, generally per wife affects him quite a bit, changing his mood and making him sick - Illicits: Family History: Father died in s from MI. Mother died in s from PE. No family history of colon, breast, uterine, or ovarian cancer. No family history of seizures. Physical Exam: On Admission: Vitals: . / % AC x, PEEP , FiO % General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, trach in place with clear/white secretions Neck: supple, no LAD Lungs: Coarse rales at bases, no wheezes CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S + S,/VI systolic murmur at apex Abdomen: soft, non-tender, distended, ostomy in place, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding GU: Foley in place Skin: cm sacral decub without surrounding erythema. PICC in place on right arm, only mild redness at insertion. Ext: Warm, well perfused with + pitting edema, ulcerations on bilateral shins On discharge: General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, trach in place Neck: Supple, no LAD Lungs: Coarse rales at bases, no wheezes CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S + S,/VI systolic murmur at apex Abdomen: Soft, non-tender, distended, ostomy in place, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding GU: Foley in place Skin: cm sacral decub without surrounding erythema. PICC in place on left. Ext: Significant ulcerations on bilateral shins, some pain and swelling of both knees that is stable Pertinent Results: Admission Labs: :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* :PM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :PM PLT COUNT- :PM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :PM LIPASE-* :PM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT-* ALK PHOS-* TOT BILI-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM COMMENTS-GREEN TOP : BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine (Final : STAPH AUREUS COAG +. FINAL SENSITIVITIES. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML STAPH AUREUS COAG + CLINDAMYCIN----------- => R ERYTHROMYCIN---------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ <=. S LEVOFLOXACIN---------- => R OXACILLIN------------- => R RIFAMPIN-------------- <=. S TETRACYCLINE---------- S TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- <=. S VANCOMYCIN------------ <=. S : URINE Site: CATHETER URINE CULTURE (Final : PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA. >, ORGANISMS/ML.. Piperacillin/Tazobactam sensitivity testing performed by . SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA | CEFEPIME-------------- I CEFTAZIME----------- R CIPROFLOXACIN--------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ I MEROPENEM------------- => R PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- R TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S : SWAB Source: decubitus ulcer. GRAM STAIN (Final : NO POLYMORPHONUCLEAR LEUKOCYTES SEEN. + (< per X FIELD: GRAM NEGATIVE ROD(S. WOUND CULTURE (Final : PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA. SPARSE GROWTH. Piperacillin/Tazobactam sensitivity testing performed by . ENTEROCOCCUS SP.. SPARSE GROWTH. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA | ENTEROCOCCUS SP. | | AMPICILLIN------------ <= S CEFEPIME-------------- R CEFTAZIME----------- => R CIPROFLOXACIN--------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ I LINEZOL------------- S MEROPENEM------------- I PENICILLIN G---------- S PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- R TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S VANCOMYCIN------------ => R : URINE Source: Catheter. URINE CULTURE (Final : PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA. >, ORGANISMS/ML.. Piperacillin/Tazobactam sensitivity testing performed by . KLEBSIELLA PNEUMONIAE. ,-, ORGANISMS/ML.. Piperacillin/tazobactam sensitivity testing available on request. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA | KLEBSIELLA PNEUMONIAE | | AMPICILLIN/SULBACTAM-- I CEFAZOLIN------------- => R CEFEPIME-------------- I S CEFTAZIME----------- I => R CEFTRIAXONE----------- R CIPROFLOXACIN--------- => R => R GENTAMICIN------------ I <= S MEROPENEM------------- I <=. S NITROFURANTOIN-------- => R PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- R TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S => R TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- <= S : BLOOD CULTURE Source: Line-midline. Blood Culture, Routine (Final : NO GROWTH. : BLOOD CULTURE FROM MLINE. Blood Culture, Routine (Final : NO GROWTH. : BLOOD CULTURE: Pending : BLOOD CULTURE: Pending Studies: CXR : No significant change from radiograph, with cardiomegaly, pulmonary vascular congestion and bilateral pleural effusions again noted. Left lower lobe opacity is compatible with atelectasis and/or pneumonia. TTE : The left atrium is moderately dilated. The left atrium is elongated. The right atrium is moderately dilated. There is mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size. The right ventricular cavity is moderately dilated There is abnormal septal motion/position consistent with right ventricular pressure/volume overload. The ascending aorta is mildly dilated. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No masses or vegetations are seen on the aortic valve. Trace aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. No mass or vegetation is seen on the mitral valve. An eccentric, posteriorly directed jet of Moderate (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. Due to the eccentric nature of the regurgitant jet, its severity may be significantly underestimated (Coanda effect. Moderate tricuspid regurgitation is seen. There is mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. There is no pericardial effusion. Compared with the prior study dated (images reviewed, the degree of pulmonary pressures is much lower (likely underestimated as the IVC was not well visualized. No vegetations or abscesses visualized. TEE : No vegetations seen on the cardiac leaflets. No mass or vegetation seen on the cardiac wires. Simple atheroma aortic arch. At least moderate in severity eccentric mitral regurgitation. Moderate tricuspid regurgitation. Mild to moderate pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. BLE Ultrasound : Limited study demonstrates no evidence of right or left lower extremity DVT. CXR : As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the tracheostomy tube and of the pacemaker wires is unchanged. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with bilateral areas of atelectasis and substantial enlargement of the vascular structures at the lung hilus. Unchanged moderate pulmonary edema. No newly appeared focal parenchymal opacities. WBC scan : . Splenomegaly. . No focal source of infection localized. Bilateral UE ultrasound : No evidence of upper extremity deep venous thrombosis. Labs prior to discharge: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. :AM BLOOD Tobra-.* :PM BLOOD Tobra-.* :AM BLOOD Vanco-.* :PM BLOOD Vanco-.* :PM BLOOD Type- Temp-. Rates-/ Tidal V- PEEP- FiO- pO-* pCO- pH-.* calTCO-* BaseS- Intubat-INTUBATED Vent-SPONTANEOU Brief Hospital Course: Reason for Hospitalization: Mr. is a year old male with h/o CAD s/p stenting, systolic CHF (EF-%, atrial fibrillation, h/o cardiac arrest with heart block s/p AICD/pacemaker, trach/PEG, and recent ICU admission with GI bleed, hematuria, and MRSA bacteremia, who presented from rehab with fevers and persistent MRSA bacteremia while on vancomycin. . MRSA Bacteremia: The source of the patient's persistent bacteremia was not found. He grew MRSA from multiple blood cultures at rehab and also on initial presentation despite appropriate vancomycin troughs. Multiple sources of persistent seeding were considered. He had a TTE and TEE which were both negative for vegetations and did not show any involvement of his pacer leads. A tagged WBC scan was performed to look for occult focus of infection which was negative. An upper extremity ultrasound was also performed to look for possible infected clot but was negative. His PICC line which had been recently replaced at rehab was removed. A new one was not placed until he had negative blood cultures. He was continued on vancomycin and dosing was changed to g qh. Further blood cultures were negative. Ultimately it was felt he likely has an endovascular source but it was not found during this hospitalization. He should be continued on vancomycin for weeks from the date of his last positive blood culture, with last day . . Pseudomonas and Klebsiella UTI: Given that he has an indwelling foley it was suspected that this might be colonization however his cultures were positive even after changing his foley. He was found to have pseudomonas in his urine as well as wound culture. It was multidrug resistant pseudomonas and he was treated with tobramycin for a seven day course. He needs one more dose of tobramycin mg when trough < . He also grew multidrug resistant klebsiella in his urine and was started on a day course of cefepime with last day . . Fevers: He had fevers on admission felt to be related to his MRSA bacteremia. Other cultures returned positive as above. He also had a knee arthrocentesis which was not consistent with septic arthritis. His PICC was changed after a hour line holiday. He was ruled out for C diff. . Acute renal failure: BUN/creatinine elevated to /. on admission felt to be related to ongoing infection and poor forward floor from chronic systolic CHF. His creatinine slowly improved with diuresis. . Chronic respiratory failure: He was continued on mechanical ventilation during this admission and was unable to be weaned to trach mask for any length of time. This was felt to be related to chronic respiratory fatigue in addition to substantial pulmonary edema. Diuresis was difficult due to his large obligate fluid intake, but was eventually acheived with lasix mg qh plus metolazone .mg po bid. His metolazone may need to be decreased over the next several days if he is overdiuresed as he was on average L negative on this regimen for the few days prior to discharge. On the day of discharge, he was on pressure support , PEEP , FiO % with TV in the 's. . Anemia: His hematocrit remained stable in the low 's during this admission. . Chronic Diastolic CHF: Has EF %. He was continued on his home carvedilol. His lisinopril has been on hold indefinitely and was not restarted due to renal failure. He was diuresed with lasix and metolazone as above and will need his creatinine and electrolytes monitored closely with ongoing diuresis. . Sacral decubitus ulcer: Stage. He was started on a fentanyl patch and continued on prn oxycodone for pain control. . Atrial fibrillation: His heart rate and blood pressure remained stable during this admission. He is off anticoagulation due to h/o GI bleeding and hemothorax. He was continued on carvedilol. . Wound care: He was evaluated by the wound care team who recommended the following: . Follow pressure ulcer guidelines. First Step for fluid management. Turn q hours. . Cleanse wounds with commercial wound cleanser. Pat dry. . Apply Aquacel ag to sacrum wound, cover with x's and soft sorb dressing, secure with Medipore tape. Change daily. . BLE ulcerations - cover with Adaptic dressing, place x and wrap with Kerlix. Secure with paper tape. . No tape on skin. . Mid upper back ulcer - Apply Mepilex x and change q days. . Mid lower back ulcer - apply DuoDerm wound gel to bed to assist with autolytic debridement of yellow slough. Cover with Mepilex x dressing, and change q days. . Apply Critic Aid clear skin barrier ointment to scrotal tissue to protect from fluid exposure daily. Elevate scrotum to assess with edema. . Waffles bilateral feet. . Apply aloe vesta ointment to dry intact skin daily. . Support nutrition and hydration. TRANSITIONAL ISSUES: - Monitor I/O's closely and check electrolytes closely given large doses of lasix and metolazone. need to back off on metalazone if signs of overdiuresis. However, would continue to aim for -cc daily I/O balance. - Needs tobramycin trough drawn AM. Give tobramycin mg when trough is <.. - Continue vancomycin until for MRSA bacteremia. Should have trough measured intermittently to assess for appropriate dosing. - Needs more days of cefepime treatment - Continue ventilator weaning and trach collar trials if possible. Diuresis should help with this. - Please draw weekly labs: CBC/diff, chem-, LFTs and fax to Infectious disease R.Ns. at (. All questions regarding outpatient antibiotics should be directed to the when clinic is closed Medications on Admission: Acetaminophen mg po qh prn pain Lidocaine patch % TD daily Trazodone mg po qhs prn insomnia Citalopram mg po daily Docusate mg po bid Ferrous sulfate mg po daily Folic acid mg po daily Multivitamin tab po daily Omeprazole mg po daily Albuterol sulfate mcg qh prn SOB/wheeze Simethicone mg po tid Miconazole nitrate % application qhs Oxycodone -mg po qh prn pain Lasix mg po daily Vancomycin mg qh Psyllium one packet po tid Sucralfate gram po qid Carvedilol .mg po bid Discharge Medications: . acetaminophen mg/. mL Solution : Six y ( mg PO QH (every hours as needed for pain, fever. . lidocaine %( mg/patch Adhesive Patch, Medicated : One ( Adhesive Patch, Medicated Topical DAILY (Daily. . trazodone mg Tablet : .- Tablet PO at bedtime as needed for insomnia. . citalopram mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . docusate sodium mg/ mL Liquid : One Hundred ( mg PO twice a day: Hold for loose stools. . ferrous sulfate mg ( mg iron/ mL Liquid : Three Hundred ( mg PO once a day. . folic acid mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . multivitamin Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. : One ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO once a day. . albuterol sulfate mcg/Actuation HFA Aerosol Inhaler : - Puffs Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for sob, wheeze. . simethicone mg Tablet, Chewable : One ( Tablet, Chewable PO T ( times a day. . miconazole nitrate % Powder : One ( Appl Topical HS (at bedtime as needed for rash. . oxycodone mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. . fentanyl mcg/hr Patch hr : One ( Patch hr Transdermal QH (every hours. . psyllium Packet : One ( Packet PO T ( times a day. . sucralfate gram Tablet : One ( Tablet PO Q ( times a day. . carvedilol . mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day: Hold for SBP<, HR<. . cefepime gram Recon Soln : One ( gram Injection QH (every hours for days: Last day . . vancomycin in DW gram/ mL Piggyback : One ( gram Intravenous qh: Until . . furosemide mg/mL Solution : Eighty ( mg Injection QH (every hours. . metolazone . mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day: minutes prior to Lasix dose. . omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. : One ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO once a day. . tobramycin sulfate mg/mL Solution : Three Hundred Twenty ( mg Injection ONCE (Once for doses: Give one dose of mg when trough level < .. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: for the Aged - MACU Discharge Diagnosis: Diagnosis: MRSA bacteremia Klebsiella and pseudomonas UTI Chronic diastolic congestive heart failure Respiratory failure Diagnosis: Coronary Artery Disease Atrial fibrillation Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Lethargic but arousable. Activity Status: Bedbound. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital due to persistent fevers and a bacterial infection in your blood. You underwent multiple studies to evaluate the source of your infection. It does not appear that your heart valves or your pacemaker are infected. You were treated with antibiotics for your bloodstream infection, as well as urinary and wound infections. We also tried to give you diuretics to help your breathing. Changes to your medications: Increased docusate to mg po bid Increased albuterol to - puffs qh prn SOB/wheeze Start fentanyl patch mcg/hr TD qh Start cefepime g qh for more days, last day Change vancomycin to g qh, last day Change furosemide to mg qh Add metolazone to .mg po bid, mins prior to lasix dose Add tobramycin, needs one more dose of mg when trough <. You should be weighed every day and the providers at rehab should be notified if your weight goes up by more than pounds. Followup Instructions: You have the following appointments scheduled: Department: INFECTIOUS DISEASE When: at : AM With: , Building: LM Campus: WEST Best Parking: Garage Department: INFECTIOUS DISEASE When: MONDAY at : AM With: , Building: LM Bldg ( Campus: WEST Best Parking: Garage Department: GASTROENTEROLOGY When: MONDAY at : PM With: , M.D. Building: LM Campus: WEST Best Parking: Garage ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
65,846,": : : Sex: M Service: SURGERY Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: s/p fall Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: : attempted laminectomy (aborted for bleeding : C-T laminectomy, C-T fusion : C-C anterior fusion History of Present Illness: M on coumadin for a fib s/p unwitnessed fall down several flights of stairs, +LOC. He was uncertain about any precipitating symptoms & does not remember event at all. He complained of LBP & R leg pain on arrival to ED & soon thereafter developed paresthesias of the arms, as well as weakness of the right foot while in the ED. Past Medical History: A fib (on coumadin HTN COPD BPH DJD left bell palsy R hipo replacement Social History: No toxic habits Married Moved from at young age Retired cook. Family History: noncontributory Physical Exam: AVSS, GCS NCAT trachea midline, +C collar RRR CTA bilat soft obese nontender guaiac neg / strength, moving all extremities in trauma bay Pertinent Results: On arrival: INR . INJURIES: prevertebral, posterior paraspinal cervical hematomas cervical epidural hematoma, s/p cervical laminectomy C spine fractures, s/p C-C anterior fusion T spine fractures (T,, vert bodies Epidural hematoma (C-T cord compression, T-T-no compression R subclavian hematoma R retroperitoneal hematoma (psoas/iliacus (?compression of femoral nerve Hairline sacral fx Brief Hospital Course: : Admitted to TSICU following fall. : Reversal of anticoagulation & definitive repair of epidural hematomata : Transfer to floor : Cardiorespiratory arrest, reintubation & transfer back to TISCU : Removal of care & declaration of death NEURO: Lost bilat arm & RLE strength in ED secondary to explanding cervical epidural hematoma. Brought to OR by spine team (: case aborted for excessive bleeding, : laminectomy & posterior fusion, : anterior fusion. Neurologically intact until arrest, after which patient was unresponsive. Followed by neurology & ortho spine teams. CV: recurrent rapid a fib throughout ICU course, controlled with lopressor & diltiazem. followed by cards team. RESP: tolerated extubation easily following rd OR. Apneic after arrest event on . HEME: followed by hematology for continued oozing during OR interventions despite reversal of anticoagulation. : treated with zosyn for aspiration pneumonia. see culture data for microbiological . Medications on Admission: coumadin, advair, atenolol, zestril, hydroxyzine, fluoxetine Discharge Medications: n/a Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Discharge Diagnosis: prevertebral, posterior paraspinal hematomas cervical epidural hematoma, s/p cervical laminectomy C spine fractures, s/p C-C anterior fusion T spine fractures (T,, vert bodies Epidural hematoma (C-T cord compression, T-T-no compression R subclavian hematoma R retroperitoneal hematoma (psoas/iliacus (?compression of femoral nerve Hairline sacral fx respiratory arrest A fib HTN COPD aspiration pneumonia Discharge Condition: deceased Discharge Instructions: n/a Followup Instructions: n/a :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1613,50604,": : : Sex: M Service: MED HOSPITAL COURSE: Respiratory failure: The patient was again status post trach on secondary to failure to extubate. Of note during this hospitalization, events including a VATS evacuation of the right hemothorax and on . The right hemothorax was thought to be secondary to a complication of chest compressions. On follow-up-ray upon discharge, the patient had a persistent right loculated pleural effusion. CT Surgery was reconsulted before discharge, and they recommended no further treatment at this time given no acute worsening of respiratory status. The patient remained trach dependent throughout this hospitalization and required percent trach mask throughout his hospitalization. The patient was continued on frequent suctioning, as well as oxygen therapy after discharge from the intra-coronary. Acute renal failure: Of note, during this hospitalization on past discharge summary, the patient is thought to have acute renal failure secondary to ATN, which is secondary to cardiogenic shock, in addition to intravenous contrast given during his cardiac catheterization, over diuresis, and questionable during the Intensive Care Unit stay. Of note also, the patient was initiated on hemodialysis after a catheter was placed by Interventional Radiology on . After the second day of hemodialysis, the patient was transferred to the floor with a creatinine of .; however, the patient was becoming oliguric. The patient was started on Lasix mg b.i.d.. The patient's BUN and creatinine remained the same after - days of Lasix at this dose; however, the patient's urine output increased remarkably up to L a day. The Renal Team felt that the patient has no acute indications to continue dialysis; however, upon discharge, his tunneled IJ catheter will remain in place given the patient's -year status and may need further hemodialysis in the near future. The patient has anemia secondary to his renal disease and is on Epogen. The patient will need follow-up iron studies in one month as iron studies here remained normal. The patient is on Calcitriol secondary to increased PTH. Additionally in terms of volume status and dialysis, the patient is to have daily weights checked and is to continue intravenous Lasix at the outside hospital. If the patient has a weight gain of over lbs and/or urine output is decreasing, the patient may need hemodialysis per the Renal Team. Ideally his blood pressure should remain above systolic of to maintain renal perfusion. Cardiovascular: Of note during his MICU stay, the patient had an urgent cardiac catheterization showing severe jugular venous distension, including lesions in his left anterior descending coronary artery which were severe diffuse disease up to percent in the distal left anterior descending coronary artery. This was intervened on with three stents placed; however, his left circumflex continues to have a percent lesion, a distal percent lesion, and a percent stenosis in the left posterior descending coronary artery. This additionally bifurcated on one branch with an percent stenosis of the lower branch and a percent stenosis. Of note, right coronary artery was known to be totally occluded. Once transferred to the floor, the patient had a hemodialysis session at which the patient complained of chest pain and had dynamic ST changes in lead V and V with ST depressions. Cardiology was reconsulted, and combined efforts of Cardiology and Renal stated that the patient is candidate for cardiac catheterization in the future, however, would like to hold off on cardiac catheterization until his renal function returns to near normal. Therefore, the patient will continue on his CAD medications including his Aspirin, statin, Plavix, beta-blocker, and additionally is on Nitroglycerin, and Hydralazine. Of note, the patient has multiple wall motion abnormalities on echocardiogram including an akinetic apex. The patient should be considered to start Coumadin in the future given his akinetic apex. Congestive heart failure: The patient has an ejection fraction of percent. Of note, attempts were made to diurese him in the Medical Intensive Care Unit with Nesiritide and a Lasix drip. These efforts were discontinued given his worsening renal function; however on the floor, the patient was restarted on Lasix b.i.d. with good response. The patient is to continue diuresis upon discharge with a goal of negative to negative L I&Os. The patient is to continue his Hydralazine and Isordil. Nonsustained ventricular tachycardia: The patient was seen by Electrophysiology in the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Based upon discharge to the floor, the patient had no runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. The patient is a likely candidate for EPF in the future and possible AICD placement. The patient is to follow-up with Dr. upon discharge and after renal function resolves. Impaired mental status: Of note, the patient became more interactive once transferred to the floor. The patient in the Medical Intensive Care Unit had a negative MRI and negative head CT. Additionally, EEG showed diffuse changes consistent with a broad differential. The patient was started on hemodialysis initially with thoughts that his uremia was causing these mental status changes; however, with dialysis, the patient's uremia improved; however, his mental status did not improve drastically. Most likely the patient has a component of noxious brain injury given his episode of ventricular fibrillation arrest. FEN: The patient had a PEG tube placed on in the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Speech and Swallow evaluation was done on the floor which the patient passed and is to be maintained on a pureed diet. The patient was additionally on tube feeds which can be slowly be weaned as his p.o. diet is increased. This again needs to be followed up at his acute rehabilitation. Access: The patient has a PICC line placed by IR on . Code status: The patient was maintained full code throughout this admission. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Paroxetine mg p.o. q.d. . Plavix p.o. q.d. . Senna tab b.i.d. p.r.n. . Docusate tab b.i.d. . Tylenol p.r.n. . Aspirin p.o. q.d. . Miconazole Nitrate powder applied t.i.d. p.r.n. . Lansoprazole mg p.o. q.d. . Heparin U subcue t.i.d. which should be continued at rehabilitation. . Albuterol - puffs q. hours p.r.n. . Lipitor mg p.o. q.d. . Hydralazine mg p.o. q. hours . Isosorbide Dinitrate mg p.o. t.i.d. . Epogen , U two times a week, Monday and Thursday. . Metoprolol mg p.o. t.i.d. . Calcitriol . mcg p.o. q.d. . Lasix mg b.i.d. . Glargine U q.h.s. and regular Insulin sliding scale, of note, this will need to be titrated as tube feeds are decreased. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: Anemia: Again the patient needs to have iron studies done in one month, as he is on Epogen. Dialysis: The patient is to have his dialysis catheter flushed twice a week and flushed with heparin afterwards. The patient additionally is to have daily weights check with a goal of another cc negative L initially. If his weight increases more than lbs, the patient's Lasix dose may need to be increased. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Coronary artery disease status post ST elevation myocardial infarction with ventricular fibrillation arrest. Acute renal failure secondary to presumed ATN. Resolving delirium. ???? Congestive heart failure with systolic dysfunction. Status post right hemothorax, status post VATs. Status post PEG tube. Failure to wean status post trach. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow-up with Dr. , his primary care physician. patient is also to follow-up with Dr. after acute renal failure resolves. , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
1460,49841,": : : Sex: F Service: TRANSPLANT SURGERY HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Mrs. is a year-old female with a past medical history significant for cadaveric renal transplantation times two who presented to this institution on with complaints of nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and persistent emesis after eating. The patient's first transplantation failed due to chronic rejection. Her second transplant was complicated by ureteral necrosis requiring ............ DICTATION ENDED , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
1544,50602,": : : Sex: M Service: CME HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a -year-old gentleman with a history of diabetes type with last hemoglobin AC in of percent who was in his usual state of health until the morning of admission when he noticed that his blood glucoses were abnormally high in the to range and that he felt nauseated. Patient vomited times two. The emesis was non-bloody and non-bilious. He denied any chest pain, shortness of breath, palpitations. No dyspnea on exertion but states that he did have limited exercise tolerance secondary to gait imbalance. Patient had stable two-pillow orthopnea, no postnasal drip, positive lower extremity edema in the past controlled with a water pill. Patient states that he has never had a stress test echo or other cardiac workup. Patient's CAD risk factors include diabetes type , hypertension, his age, gender, obesity, sedentary lifestyle. The patient went to an outside hospital secondary to his high blood sugars and nausea and vomiting. At the outside hospital he continued to have dry heaves and CK was ., MB was pending, AST , ALT . The patient's EKG at the outside hospital revealed an isolated Q wave in Lead and ST elevations in V through V. He was transferred to the for further management. CK at the initially was with an MB of and troponin .. EKG was unchanged from prior at the outside hospital. Cardiology was consulted and patient was started on Heparin and renally dosed b inhibitor. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Type diabetes; most recent hemoglobin AC in was . His diabetes is complicated by peripheral neuropathy and question of Parkinson's disease, history of lacunar infarct, history of depression, history of left-sided Bell's palsy, status post cholecystectomy, status post appendectomy. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS: . Lantus units q. h.s. . Regular insulin sliding scale. . Paxil. . . . Lasix. . Blood pressure medicines that are unknown at time of admission. SOCIAL HISTORY: Patient is married with children. He is a former car salesman. No tobacco. Rare ETOH. FAMILY HISTORY: Father drowned. Mother has diabetes mellitus and sister has coronary artery disease. LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION: White count ., hematocrit ., platelet count , neutrophils , lymphs, . monos, . eos. Coags: . for PT, PTT ., INR is ., CK , MB , index ., troponin .. Lytes: for sodium, potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . EKG: Sinus rhythm, , normal axis, normal intervals, elevation V through V, . depressions V and V, Q waves in Lead, evidence of left ventricular hypertrophy and left atrial abnormally. Chest-ray is consistent with congestive heart failure. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Patient's vitals are as follows: Temperature is ., blood pressure is /, respiratory rate is , patient is satting at percent on liters. Generally, the patient is a well developed male in no acute distress, alert and oriented times three. HEENT: Jugular venous distention is cm, no lymphadenopathy, otherwise extraocular movements intact. Oropharynx is clear with moist mucous membranes. Heart is regular rate and rhythm, a normal S, normal S, and positive for S, pulmonary bibasilar crackles, right greater than left; no rales. Abdomen is obese, soft, nontender, nondistended with no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM: Patient was taken to the Catheterization Lab. He had a right heart coronary angiography, rotablator, and drug-eluting stent of proximal mid left anterior descending. Patient's cardiac output was ., index .. His pulmonary capillary wedge was , PA pressure /, mean was , and the results of the catheterization were as follows: Left anterior descending percent proximal long, percent mid, diffuse disease distally up to percent first diagonal, percent proximal, percent distal of the left circumflex, and percent PDA bifurcating obtuse marginal with percent upper branch and percent lower branch, right coronary artery percent origin, probably nondominant. Patient also had an intraprocedure echo performed which revealed a depressed ejection fraction at approximately percent with a relative preservation on inferolateral wall. Post myocardial infarction patient was maintained on an intra- aortic balloon pump. The patient had three TAXUS stents placed to his left anterior descending. Post procedure patient was brought to the Cardiac Care Unit. Patient's hematocrit dropped to ., had been .. Though he was hemodynamically stable he later developed respiratory distress, was intubated, two pressors were started for hypotension. Chest-ray was performed which revealed no congestive heart failure with patchy infiltrates. The patient was started on Levophed as well as Dopamine. There was concern that patient may have down stents. He was taken to the Catheterization Lab for a re-look which revealed that all stents were patent, and at that time he was placed on an intra-aortic balloon pump. Patient returned to the CCU on Levophed and Dopamine as well as a balloon pump. His status overnight worsened and patient's hematocrit dropped to .. He received four units of packed red blood cells, four units of fresh frozen plasma, one bag of platelets, units of vitamin K. Had a CT which was positive for right-sided intrapleural hematoma as well as an extra pleural hematoma. On further view of the CT films it became evident that the patient had a cracked rib. On discussing the case with the Cardiac Medicine team that initially had the patient overnight, it became evident that patient had a ventricular fibrillation arrest in the Emergency Room and did received chest compressions for a short period of time. In total, patient received a total of units of packed red blood cells, units of platelets, four bags of fresh frozen plasma, and vitamin K. Post myocardial infarction patient was weaned off of his intra-aortic balloon pump. His cardiac status was stabilized on Lopressor, Hydralazine, as well as Isordil. Captopril was held off given the patient did have chronic renal insufficiency. Patient's cardiac status remained stable throughout his hospitalization. His blood pressures remained mildly hypertensive to normotensive. Pump: Patient was initially maintained on p.r.n. Lasix and later changed to Natrecor along with p.r.n. Lasix boluses. Patient's creatinine bumped to . on the Natrecor along with p.r.n. boluses were discontinued. Patient also had a Swan placed as line status and his numbers were as follows: RV , number at cm, pH / at cm, pulmonary capillary wedge at , cardiac output ., index ., and SVR . These findings were felt to be consistent with a sepsis. Patient was placed on broad spectrum antibiotics including Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl. His Natrecor was stopped. The cortisol was checked, which was within normal limits. Patient's cardiac output and index continue to improve on antibiotics and by date of transfer his cardiac output was ., index ., SVR . Patient was replaced on Lasix GTT and diuresed well. His creatinine remained stable. Rhythm: Throughout his hospitalization patient remained in normal sinus rhythm but did have evidence of an supraventricular tachycardia with three-beat run to the max. Electrophysiology was consulted and felt that patient would likely need an ICD once extubated and medically stable. The patient's electrolytes were kept off. Pulmonary: For patient's right-sided hemothorax patient had chest tubes placed by Cardiothoracic Surgery. Patient initially had aggressive output, but then output fell. A video-assisted thoracic surgery was performed with drainage of bloody fluid. Post VATS right-sided chest tubes were placed. Patient had minimal drainage at these chest tubes and in the setting of a mild decrease in hematocrit, a noncontrast CT was obtained. Per the radiologist there was evidence that there may be some new areas of oozing. The case was discussed with Cardiothoracic Surgery who felt that patient did not have evidence of active bleeding. Patient's chest tubes were pulled. Patient's hematocrit remained stable. Extubation, however, was very difficult. The patient was very difficult to wean from AC mode of ventilation. Changing him to pressure support was attempted. The patient would become extremely tachypneic and would drop his tidal volumes. Eventually a trach was placed on . Again, weaning from the ventilation was attempted, but patient's rhythm consistently remained above and he would become tachycardiac as well as drop his tidal volumes on attempt to try a spontaneous breathing trial. This failure was felt secondary to fluid overload and due to persistence of intrapulmonary infiltrate secondary to the hemothorax. Renal failure: Patient's renal failure was improving on Lasix at time of discharge from the Cardiac Care Unit. His creatinine bumped to a high of . felt likely secondary to overdiuresis as well as sepsis. Diabetes: Patient was maintained on an insulin GTT. He had very good glycemic control throughout his hospitalization. Patient was initially maintained on tube feeds later changed to Nepro with ProMod. He had a PEG placed on . Lines: Patient's lines at time of transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit included a right art line, right-sided Swan, and a left IJ. Patient is a Full Code. The communication was with the family throughout his hospitalization. Infectious Diseases: Patient, in the setting of hypotension and elevated cardiac output, as well as decreased SVR and sepsis, blood cultures were sent off which, by time of transfer, were no growth to date. Patient also had a urine sent off which was no growth. A sputum culture was consistent with oropharyngeal flora. Clostridium difficile was sent times one; was to follow up to be performed still. Other sources of infection were felt to include patient's hemothorax as well as chest tube insertion sites as those areas had some mild purulent discharge which was managed by wound care. The patient was maintained on Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl and then later changed to Levofloxacin and Vancomycin by time of transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Patient also had a stage decubitus ulcer on his coccyx which were managed with DuoDerm as well as air mattress. MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER TO MEDICAL INTENSIVE CARE UNIT: . Acetaminophen liquid q. to hours. . Aspirin p.r.n. one p.o. q.d. . Isosorbide dinitrate mg one p.o. t.i.d. . Lansoprazole mg one p.o. q.d. . Levofloxacin mg one q. hours. . Metoprolol mg one p.o. t.i.d. . Atorvastatin mg one p.o. q.d. . Calci-Mix one p.o. t.i.d. with tube feeds. . Plavix mg one p.o. q.d. . Docusate mg one p.o. b.i.d. . Fentanyl citrate. . Versed. . Furosemide GGT mg per hour. . mg one p.o. q. hours. . Insulin GTT. . Miconazole powder. . Paxil mg one p.o. q.d. . Senna one p.o. b.i.d. . Vancomycin units one q. hours. The remainder of hospital course, as well as patient's discharge status, will be dictated by patient's acute team. , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1095,21575,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: Fevers, hypotension at HD Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Placement of a tunnelled dialysis catheter. History of Present Illness: The pt. is a year-old male with ESRD on HD, CAD s/p MI and vfib arrest s/p AICD, CHF (EF %, atrial fibrillation, HTN who presented from HD in with a fever to .F and hypotension. Mr. reports feeling in his usual state of health until the evening PTA, when he to have a headache and difficulty sleeping, though denies any fevers, chills, night sweats, or dyspnea. Shortly after arrival to his HD session on the day of admission, he began to have rigors, chills, and was noted to be diaphoretic and cyanotic. He was given vancomycin g and mg gentamicin, and referred to the ED. Of note, Mr. also had a much abbreviated HD session, reportedly secondary to difficulty with his L tunneled HD line. He denies noticing any recent discharge from his line, or any tenderness around the line. On ED arrival, T=., P, BP /, RR sat %. BP increased with a saline bolus (unclear from records how much fluid he received, though appears to be cc fluid as well as empiric levofloxacin mg. BP increased to -'s, and lactate declined from . -> .. However, he then became more hypotensive to sbp 's, looked more lethargic, ICU evaluation called. He denied any recent sick contacts, cough, sore throat, abdominal pain, diarrhea, dysuria, or new rashes. Just feels generalized fatigue. He spent one evening in the MICU where his blood pressure was stabilized with NS boluses. He defervesced. He received one dose of vancomycin when he was discovered to have / bottles with GPC. His tunnelled catheter was removed by IR today. At the time of transfer, the pt. stated that he felt great. He offered no complaints. He specifically denied fever, chills, rigors, chest pain, SOB, N/V/D. Denied pain. Past Medical History: .HTN . Atrial fibrillation- coumadin was recently discontinued secondary to hemoptysis . Coronary Artery Disease - cardiac cath after MI and v.fib arrest: Total occlusion of non-dominant RCA. Severe systolic ventricular dysfunction with reduced cardiac output (has occluded RCA that fills via LCX, but multiple inf wall, inf septal, post HK/AK, ef -%. . s/p AICD placement secondary to recent V.Fib arrest . Congestive Heart Failure (Ischemic Cardiomyopathy- EF -%. Echo akinesis of the inferior septum, inferior free wall, and posterior wall, and moderate-to-severe hypokinesis of the rest of the left ventricle. . ESRD-post-obstructive renal failure from his enlarged prostate and likely hypotensive episode during V. fib arrest. . Obstructive uropathy, . Pt admitted end of with hemoptysis. R/o TB, s/p bronchoscopy , s/p negative tap of pleural effusion for withu of malignancy, s/p normal EGD. Pt was recently taken off of coumadin and now no hemotysis. . gastritis with gastric antrum ulcer on EGD . sigmoid diverticulosis . Left embolus s/p embolectomy . Enlarged prostate (obstructive uropathy and increased PSA ( Social History: Pt used to work in the factory of . His wife died years ago. He had four children, two whom died in their early adulthood. Quit tobacco few years ago. - pack year history. EtOH: quit a few years ago. Drinks ~ per week but not in rehab. Drank heavily but could not quantify for me. NoDU. Family History: No CV, DM, HTN, or cancer in the family. Physical : PE T / ---> 's/ % L Gen: patient appears stated age, found lying flat in bed, appears fatigued, at times taking deep breaths and breathing through pursed lips HEENT: Sclera anicteric, conjunctiva uninjected, PERL, EOMI, MMM, no sores in OP Neck: JVP , no LAD, nl ROM , supple Cor: RRR nl S S/VI HSM at apex R axilla Chest: bilateral crackles of the way up. Tunneled HD site with smallt of drainage ( colored, with erythema surrounding the line exit site for -cm, though no tenderness or induration. Abd: soft, NT/ND, +BS. No HSM appreciated. EXT: no calf tenderness. trace edema. Multiple ecchymoses on his arms. Neuro: MS other than mild somnelence, CN-XII in tact with the exception of bilateral hearing loss, UE/LE strength + bilaterally. Pertinent Results: : CHEST AP: There is stable cardiomegaly. The aorta is unfolded. Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Single lead ICD and left IJ Hickman catheters are in unchanged position. There is pulmonary vascular congestion. Diffusely increased interstitial markings are noted. There are no definite pleural effusions. Osseous and soft tissue structures are stable. IMPRESSION: Pulmonary edema. No evidence of pneumonia. :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-. Hgb-. Hct-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Bands- Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- CK(CPK- AlkPhos- Amylase- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. ABG: :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO-* pH-. calHCO-* BaseS-- TTE ( . The left atrium is mildly dilated. The left atrium is elongated. The right atrium is moderately dilated. . Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left ventricular cavity is moderately dilated. There is severe global left ventricular hypokinesis. Overall left ventricular systolic function is severely depressed. [Intrinsic left ventricular systolic function may be more depressed given the severity of valvular regurgitation.] Resting regional wall motion abnormalities include inferior, inferolateral and septal akinesis. The remaining left ventricular segments are hypokinetic. .Right ventricular chamber size is normal. There is mild global right ventricular free wall hypokinesis. .The ascending aorta is mildly dilated. The aortic arch is mildly dilated. .The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. No AI seen. No mass seen on aortic valve . . The mitral valve leaflets are normal. Moderate to severe (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. No mass seen on the mitral valve. .There is mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. .There is no pericardial effusion. . There ia an echogenic density in the right ventricle consistent with a wire (AICD. Impression: No echocardiographic evidence of endocarditis. No change from the previous study of . Brief Hospital Course: . MRSA bacteremia: The source was felt to be due to a tunnelled line infection given the temporal relation of the symptoms to use of the dialysis line. Cultures from hemodialysis center and the first set of cultures at the grew out MRSA. The dialysis line was removed by the IR service on hospital day . He was given vancomycin, dosed by level. He defervesced over the course of the first hospital day. A TTE was performed on hospital day three and was not suggestive of endocarditis. There was no murmur on . Surveillance cultures remained negative. He was discharged with the plan that he was to receive an additional week course of vancomycin to be dosed by level at hemodialysis (to complete a three week course. . ESRD: The hemodialysis catheter was removed on hospital day . He was followed by the renal service who felt that the pt. did not require dialysis on an urgent basis and that it would be acceptable to wait until which time a new permanent dialysis line could be placed. His creatinine remained stable. He was started on sevelamer for hyperphosphatemia. A new tunnelled line was placed by the IR service on hospital day six, after which he underwent hemodialysis. . CHF: The pt's ACE inhibitor was held on admission due to hypotension. On further questioning, it was discovered that the pt. had not been taking this medication for some time because his understanding was that this medication was only for high blood pressure which he does not have. The use of ACE inhibitors in CHF was discussed with the pt. Lisinopril was restarted on hospital day four. . PAF: The pt. was maintained on his usual dose of digoxin. Metoprolol was originally held in the context of hypotension. As above, the pt. had not been taking the metoprolol for some time as he believed that this was for hypertension and he felt his blood pressure was too low (usually - systolic. After discussion with the pt, he was restarted on metoprolol for combination of atrial fibrillation, CAD and CHF. . BPH: The pt was maintained on tamsulosin. Medications on Admission: Digoxin mcg po qSu, Tu, TH Calcium Carbonate mg T W/MEALS Atorvastatin mg po daily Protonix mg po daily lisinopril mg po B, pt had not been taking metoprolol .mg po bid, pt. had not been taking senna tab Tamsulosin .mg po daily colace mg po bid nephrocaps cap QDay Discharge Medications: . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO T W/MEALS ( TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS. Disp:* Tablet, Chewable(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Pantoprazole Sodium mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Digoxin mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY (Every Other Day. . Trazodone mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed for insomnia. . Tamsulosin . mg Capsule, Sust. Release HR Sig: One ( Capsule, Sust. Release HR PO HS (at bedtime. . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO qTues, Thurs, Sat, Sun: To be taken on non-dialysis days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Sevelamer mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Vancomycin , mg Recon Soln Sig: One ( Intravenous to be dosed by level at hemodialysis for weeks. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: -MRSA bacteremia from tunnelled dialysis catheter infection -end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis -paroxysmal atrial fibrillation -congestive heart failure with an EF of % -benign prostatic hyperplasia Discharge Condition: Afebrile, stable. Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning, if weight > lbs. Adhere to gm sodium diet Please continue to take all medications as prescribed. Please attend all follow-up appointments, including hemodialysis appointments. If you experience recurrent fever, chills or other concerning symptoms, please call your primary care doctor or come to the emergency department for evaluation. Followup Instructions: , Where: LM CENTER : : : Please follow-up with your primary care doctor within the next - days. ",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1094,21575,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: Fevers, hypotension at HD Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Placement of a tunnelled dialysis catheter. History of Present Illness: The pt. is a year-old male with ESRD on HD, CAD s/p MI and vfib arrest s/p AICD, CHF (EF %, atrial fibrillation, HTN who presented from HD in with a fever to .F and hypotension. Mr. reports feeling in his usual state of health until the evening PTA, when he to have a headache and difficulty sleeping, though denies any fevers, chills, night sweats, or dyspnea. Shortly after arrival to his HD session on the day of admission, he began to have rigors, chills, and was noted to be diaphoretic and cyanotic. He was given vancomycin g and mg gentamicin, and referred to the ED. Of note, Mr. also had a much abbreviated HD session, reportedly secondary to difficulty with his L tunneled HD line. He denies noticing any recent discharge from his line, or any tenderness around the line. On ED arrival, T=., P, BP /, RR sat %. BP increased with a saline bolus (unclear from records how much fluid he received, though appears to be cc fluid as well as empiric levofloxacin mg. BP increased to -'s, and lactate declined from . -> .. However, he then became more hypotensive to sbp 's, looked more lethargic, ICU evaluation called. He denied any recent sick contacts, cough, sore throat, abdominal pain, diarrhea, dysuria, or new rashes. Just feels generalized fatigue. He spent one evening in the MICU where his blood pressure was stabilized with NS boluses. He defervesced. He received one dose of vancomycin when he was discovered to have / bottles with GPC. His tunnelled catheter was removed by IR today. At the time of transfer, the pt. stated that he felt great. He offered no complaints. He specifically denied fever, chills, rigors, chest pain, SOB, N/V/D. Denied pain. Past Medical History: .HTN . Atrial fibrillation- coumadin was recently discontinued secondary to hemoptysis . Coronary Artery Disease - cardiac cath after MI and v.fib arrest: Total occlusion of non-dominant RCA. Severe systolic ventricular dysfunction with reduced cardiac output (has occluded RCA that fills via LCX, but multiple inf wall, inf septal, post HK/AK, ef -%. . s/p AICD placement secondary to recent V.Fib arrest . Congestive Heart Failure (Ischemic Cardiomyopathy- EF -%. Echo akinesis of the inferior septum, inferior free wall, and posterior wall, and moderate-to-severe hypokinesis of the rest of the left ventricle. . ESRD-post-obstructive renal failure from his enlarged prostate and likely hypotensive episode during V. fib arrest. . Obstructive uropathy, . Pt admitted end of with hemoptysis. R/o TB, s/p bronchoscopy , s/p negative tap of pleural effusion for withu of malignancy, s/p normal EGD. Pt was recently taken off of coumadin and now no hemotysis. . gastritis with gastric antrum ulcer on EGD . sigmoid diverticulosis . Left embolus s/p embolectomy . Enlarged prostate (obstructive uropathy and increased PSA ( Social History: Pt used to work in the factory of . His wife died years ago. He had four children, two whom died in their early adulthood. Quit tobacco few years ago. - pack year history. EtOH: quit a few years ago. Drinks ~ per week but not in rehab. Drank heavily but could not quantify for me. NoDU. Family History: No CV, DM, HTN, or cancer in the family. Physical : PE T / ---> 's/ % L Gen: patient appears stated age, found lying flat in bed, appears fatigued, at times taking deep breaths and breathing through pursed lips HEENT: Sclera anicteric, conjunctiva uninjected, PERL, EOMI, MMM, no sores in OP Neck: JVP , no LAD, nl ROM , supple Cor: RRR nl S S/VI HSM at apex R axilla Chest: bilateral crackles of the way up. Tunneled HD site with smallt of drainage ( colored, with erythema surrounding the line exit site for -cm, though no tenderness or induration. Abd: soft, NT/ND, +BS. No HSM appreciated. EXT: no calf tenderness. trace edema. Multiple ecchymoses on his arms. Neuro: MS other than mild somnelence, CN-XII in tact with the exception of bilateral hearing loss, UE/LE strength + bilaterally. Pertinent Results: : CHEST AP: There is stable cardiomegaly. The aorta is unfolded. Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Single lead ICD and left IJ Hickman catheters are in unchanged position. There is pulmonary vascular congestion. Diffusely increased interstitial markings are noted. There are no definite pleural effusions. Osseous and soft tissue structures are stable. IMPRESSION: Pulmonary edema. No evidence of pneumonia. :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-. Hgb-. Hct-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Bands- Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- CK(CPK- AlkPhos- Amylase- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. ABG: :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO-* pH-. calHCO-* BaseS-- TTE ( . The left atrium is mildly dilated. The left atrium is elongated. The right atrium is moderately dilated. . Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. The left ventricular cavity is moderately dilated. There is severe global left ventricular hypokinesis. Overall left ventricular systolic function is severely depressed. [Intrinsic left ventricular systolic function may be more depressed given the severity of valvular regurgitation.] Resting regional wall motion abnormalities include inferior, inferolateral and septal akinesis. The remaining left ventricular segments are hypokinetic. .Right ventricular chamber size is normal. There is mild global right ventricular free wall hypokinesis. .The ascending aorta is mildly dilated. The aortic arch is mildly dilated. .The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. No AI seen. No mass seen on aortic valve . . The mitral valve leaflets are normal. Moderate to severe (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. No mass seen on the mitral valve. .There is mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. .There is no pericardial effusion. . There ia an echogenic density in the right ventricle consistent with a wire (AICD. Impression: No echocardiographic evidence of endocarditis. No change from the previous study of . Brief Hospital Course: . MRSA bacteremia: The source was felt to be due to a tunnelled line infection given the temporal relation of the symptoms to use of the dialysis line. Cultures from hemodialysis center and the first set of cultures at the grew out MRSA. The dialysis line was removed by the IR service on hospital day . He was given vancomycin, dosed by level. He defervesced over the course of the first hospital day. A TTE was performed on hospital day three and was not suggestive of endocarditis. There was no murmur on . Surveillance cultures remained negative. He was discharged with the plan that he was to receive an additional week course of vancomycin to be dosed by level at hemodialysis (to complete a three week course. . ESRD: The hemodialysis catheter was removed on hospital day . He was followed by the renal service who felt that the pt. did not require dialysis on an urgent basis and that it would be acceptable to wait until which time a new permanent dialysis line could be placed. His creatinine remained stable. He was started on sevelamer for hyperphosphatemia. A new tunnelled line was placed by the IR service on hospital day six, after which he underwent hemodialysis. . CHF: The pt's ACE inhibitor was held on admission due to hypotension. On further questioning, it was discovered that the pt. had not been taking this medication for some time because his understanding was that this medication was only for high blood pressure which he does not have. The use of ACE inhibitors in CHF was discussed with the pt. Lisinopril was restarted on hospital day four. . PAF: The pt. was maintained on his usual dose of digoxin. Metoprolol was originally held in the context of hypotension. As above, the pt. had not been taking the metoprolol for some time as he believed that this was for hypertension and he felt his blood pressure was too low (usually - systolic. After discussion with the pt, he was restarted on metoprolol for combination of atrial fibrillation, CAD and CHF. . BPH: The pt was maintained on tamsulosin. Medications on Admission: Digoxin mcg po qSu, Tu, TH Calcium Carbonate mg T W/MEALS Atorvastatin mg po daily Protonix mg po daily lisinopril mg po B, pt had not been taking metoprolol .mg po bid, pt. had not been taking senna tab Tamsulosin .mg po daily colace mg po bid nephrocaps cap QDay Discharge Medications: . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO T W/MEALS ( TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS. Disp:* Tablet, Chewable(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Pantoprazole Sodium mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Digoxin mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY (Every Other Day. . Trazodone mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed for insomnia. . Tamsulosin . mg Capsule, Sust. Release HR Sig: One ( Capsule, Sust. Release HR PO HS (at bedtime. . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO qTues, Thurs, Sat, Sun: To be taken on non-dialysis days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Sevelamer mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Vancomycin , mg Recon Soln Sig: One ( Intravenous to be dosed by level at hemodialysis for weeks. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: -MRSA bacteremia from tunnelled dialysis catheter infection -end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis -paroxysmal atrial fibrillation -congestive heart failure with an EF of % -benign prostatic hyperplasia Discharge Condition: Afebrile, stable. Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning, if weight > lbs. Adhere to gm sodium diet Please continue to take all medications as prescribed. Please attend all follow-up appointments, including hemodialysis appointments. If you experience recurrent fever, chills or other concerning symptoms, please call your primary care doctor or come to the emergency department for evaluation. Followup Instructions: , Where: LM CENTER : : : Please follow-up with your primary care doctor within the next - days. ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1017,20454,": : : Sex: M Service: PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS: . Fulminant C difficile colitis. . Subtotal colectomy. . Acute myocardial infarction. . Status post tracheotomy placement. . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1638,50901,": : : Sex: F Service: ORTHOPAEDICS Allergies: Penicillins / Cephalosporins : Chief Complaint: Scoliosis Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: T-L PSF History of Present Illness: see admit H&P Past Medical History: PMH: . Polysubstance overdose -- Pt had suicide attempts within a five month period in . Also recently admitted here for overdose of vicodin/soma/baclofen which she states was not suicide attempt, but rather attempt to control pain. . Substance abuse-EtOH. . Depression- Seen at HRI and the Mind Body Institute . ? Bipolar disorder . Chronic buttock/back pain: trigger point injections to the lower back region. . Cervical torticollis: receives botox injections, severe left-sided head tilt together with what may be a compensatory tilt in the opposite direction of her thoracic spine. Pain is in region of right sternomastoid and right posterior cervical muscles. . Gastroesophageal reflux disease. . h/o MRSA in sputum , not treated . h/o assault requiring ICU admit last year. . h/o multiple miscarriages, late in pregnancy, and h/o yo daughter drowning. . Recently started on methadone for pain control on . s: PCP: . at , Neuro: Dr. at , : Dr. , Spinal surgeon: Dr. Management Service: Dr. , . PSYCHIATRIC HISTORY: Diagnoses: depressed , question of bipolar disorder h/o alcohol abuse, narcotic abuse; sexual assault Hospitalizations: At HRI, , . Suicide Attempts: patient denies Current : Dr. and therapist: at Trauma Center in (L/M with after hours line Counselor: , Social History: Lives in House. Smokes ppd for yrs. documented h/o EtOH abuse in past, + abuse of prescription meds Family History: NC Pertinent Results: :PM HCT-.* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- Brief Hospital Course: Patient underwent above mentioned procedure, tolerating it well. She was initially taken to the ICU for postoperative monitoring. She had an uneventful stay in the unit and transferred to the floor without complication. Post-op pain was controlled with followed by PO meds. Peri-op antibiotics were continued hours. Diet was slowly advanced. PT was consulted for assistance with patient's care. Patient had slow progress with PT. Otherwise she recovered well. Once pain was adequately controlled on PO meds, once she was tolerating a diet, and once stable from a medical standpoint, she was deemed appropriate for transfer to rehab. Medications on Admission: see admit H&P Discharge Medications: . docusate sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . senna . mg/ mL Syrup Sig: One ( Tablet PO QHS (once a day (at bedtime as needed for constipation. . acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for fever, pain. . diazepam mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for spasm. . duloxetine mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: Two ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO HS (at bedtime. . omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: Two ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . pregabalin mg Capsule Sig: Two ( Capsule PO T ( times a day. . simvastatin mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning as needed for prn anxiety. . clonazepam . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q , (. . oxycodone-acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for for pain. . bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO B ( times a day as needed for constipation. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: in Discharge Diagnosis: Scoliosis Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - requires assistance or aid (walker or cane. Discharge Instructions: . Keep incision clean and dry . shower with incision covered, change dressing afterwards . Ambulate as tolerated . No bending, twisting, lifting > lbs . no baths Physical Therapy: Ambulate as tolerated, please progress mobility; no bending, twisting, lifting > lbs Treatments Frequency: Keep incision clean and dry. shower with incision covered, change dressing afterwards Followup Instructions: RAY (SCC : : : , : : : :",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,1
406,6607,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: SOB, respiratory distress Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Intubation Central line placement Arterial line placement History of Present Illness: The patient is a M with severe asthma, HTN, PAF, h/o cocaine abuse who presents with SOB, severe sharp R sided CP, back pain, and abdominal pain. His last cocaine was days ago. He ran out of percocet yesterday. . In the ED he was placed on a NRB. His SBP fell to the s and he was given L NS as well as Decadron since the patient was on steroids. The patient then went into respiratory distress, desatting to the s, and was intubated. Lactate was . and a central line was placed in the ED. CXR showed LLL PNA. He was also in afib with HR> and some hemodynamic compromise, so he was DC cardioverted. Subsequently, his heart rate was in the s with MAPs in the s. Cardiac enzymes were negative (st set CK/TnT /.. He had a chest CT to rule out PE/dissection before leaving the ED. . Past Medical History: . MRSA lung abscess in s/p tx with linezolid . Asthma FEV ., FEV/FVC %, intubation ; multiple hospitalizations; followed by pulmonologist Dr. , - L home oxygen PRN . HTN . PAF . h/o pleural effusion . h/o cocaine abuse . chronic pain: chest, back . Adm for syncope in setting of cocaine use, ruled out for MI . Polysubstance abuse . Laminectomy yrs ago and year ago . RSV infection . Dysphagia: video swallow witho evidence of aspiration or delay in swallow initiation. . Focal fatty infiltration of the liver . healed L rib fracture Social History: Unable to obtain Family History: Unable to obtain Physical Exam: VS: ., , /, % on FiO %, vent set at AC, TV , / Gen: intubated, sedated HEENT: PERRL, MM dry, intubated Lungs: decreased breath sounds laterally CV: tachy, nl SS, +S, no m/r/g Abd: no BS, S/NT, mildly distended Ext: no c/c/e Skin: cool, clammy Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-. Hgb-. Hct-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct-* :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD Neuts-* Bands-* Lymphs-* Monos- Eos- Baso- Atyps- Metas-* Myelos-* :AM BLOOD Neuts-* Bands-* Lymphs- Monos- Eos- Baso- Atyps- Metas-* Myelos-* :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT->* INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na-* K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD CRP-.* :AM BLOOD Cortsol-.* :PM BLOOD Type-ART Temp-. Tidal V- PEEP- FiO- pO-* pCO-* pH-.* calTCO- BaseS-- AADO- REQ O- Intubat-INTUBATED :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO-* pH-.* calTCO- BaseS-- :PM BLOOD Type-ART FiO- pO-* pCO-* pH-.* calTCO- BaseS-- AADO- REQ O- :AM BLOOD Lactate-.* :AM BLOOD Lactate-.* :AM BLOOD Lactate-. :PM BLOOD Lactate-.* Brief Hospital Course: Pt arrived to the ICU on ventilatory support and on pressors. Despite aggressive fluid resuscitation, broad antibiotic coverage and three pressors, the pt's clinical status declined. He appeared to eb DIC absed on laboratory data, and he was not able to compensate for a profound metabolic acidosis. His girlfriend was and decided that support should be withdrawn. He expired at : p.m. Medications on Admission: Ipratropium nebs QH Albuterol nebs qh Lidocaine %( mg/patch Adhesive Patch qd Omeprazole mg qd Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Q-H Fluticasone-Salmeterol - inh Montelukast mg qd Benzonatate mg tid prn cough DILT-CD mg qd Lorazepam . mg q-h Calcium Carbonate mg tid Ibuprofen mg Tablet tid Docusate Sodium mg qd prn Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D units qd Prednisone mg qd, taper by mg qdays (last day Discharge Medications: None Discharge Disposition: Expired Discharge Diagnosis: Overwhelming sepsis Discharge Condition: Expired Discharge Instructions: Expired Followup Instructions: Expired ",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
853,24214,": : : Sex: M Service: SURGERY Allergies: Sulfa (Sulfonamides : Chief Complaint: Type A aortic dissection with aneurysmal dilation of descending thoracic and proximal abdominal aorta. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Endovascular repair of descending thoracic and proximal abdominal aorta with modular thoracic stent graft and arteriography. History of Present Illness: This is a year old male with Marfan Syndrome and type A aortic dissection with aneurysmal enlargement of the descending thoracic aorta distal to a previous arch stent graft. He underwent visceral debranching procedure & infrarenal aortobi-iliac graft on in preparation for a thoracic stent graft. He was admitted on for completion thoracic stent graft through right femoral cutdown. Past Medical History: -Marfan Syndrome -thoracic aortic aneurysm s/p endovascular stent placement to ascending, arch, and descending aorta with right axillary - femoral bypass grafting and reconstruction of innominate and left carotid artery ; s/p visceral debranching procedure & infrarenal aortobi-iliac graft -Boerhaave's esophageal rupture s/p repair -aortic dissection s/p aortic valve replacement & ascending aorta replacement -h/o post-op DVT -h/o post-op A-fib -asthma -GERD -hiatal hernia, s/p hernia repair, -s/p foot surgery Social History: Denies tobacco. Admits to occasional ETOH. He is married and lives with his wife. is an electrical engineer. Family History: Denies connective tissue disorders. No history of premature CAD. Physical Exam: Admission PE by Anesthesia: ht . cm, wt kg, HR BP(L / BP(R / %RA Gen: NAD, A&O CVS: RRR, nl SS, / SEM @ RSB Pulm: CTA b/l Abd: soft, ND, NT, multiple well-healed scars Ext: warm, no c/c/e, palp fem & pulses b/l Pertinent Results: On admission: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Fibrino- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. :AM BLOOD Glucose- Lactate-. Na- K-. Cl- :AM BLOOD freeCa-. :AM URINE Color-Straw Appear-Clear Sp -. :AM URINE Blood-NEG Nitrite-NEG Protein-NEG Glucose-NEG Ketone-NEG Bilirub-NEG Urobiln-NEG pH-. Leuks-NEG On discharge: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. :PM BLOOD Lactate-. Brief Hospital Course: Patient underwent endovascular repair of descending thoracic and proximal abdominal aorta with modular thoracic stent graft and arteriography on . Please operative note for details. Postoperatively, he was admitted to the ICU. He had a Dopplerable right PT and Dopplerable left DP & PT. SBP was maintained - with Neo to ensure spinal perfusion. Protamine was given prior to sheath removal. He was extubated later that night. The lumbar drain was d/c'd overnight as it was not draining. On POD , he was off Neo and was transferred to the . He was discharged on POD . At the time of discharge, he wasbulating, tolerating diet, and his pain was controlled on Tylenol. He was not on his full dose of Lopressor, but as he is educated and able to check his BP at home, he was discharged on Lopressor with parameters. Medications on Admission: Advair inh, Protonix mg', metoprolol mg, Lyrica , Nortriptyline ', aspirin ' Discharge Medications: . Fluticasone-Salmeterol - mcg/Dose Disk with Device : One ( Disk with Device Inhalation ( times a day. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. : One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet : . Tablet PO B ( times a day. Hold for systolic BP <, HR <. . Pregabalin mg Capsule : One ( Capsule PO twice a day. . Nortriptyline mg Capsule : Two ( Capsule PO HS (at bedtime. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable : One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet : Two ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . : - puffs Inhalation every six ( hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Marfan syndrome. Type A aortic dissection with aneurysmal dilation of descending thoracic and proximal abdominal aorta. Discharge Condition: good Discharge Instructions: Medications: ?????? Take Aspirin mg (enteric coated once daily ?????? Do not stop Aspirin unless your Vascular Surgeon instructs you to do so. ?????? Continue all other medications you were taking before surgery, unless otherwise directed. Hold Lopressor (metoprolol for systolic blood pressure < or heart rate < . ?????? You make take Tylenol or prescribed pain medications for any post procedure pain or discomfort What to expect when you go home: It is normal to have slight swelling of the legs: ?????? Elevate your leg above the level of your heart (use pillows or a recliner every - hours throughout the day and at night ?????? Avoid prolonged periods of standing or sitting without your legs elevated It is normal to feel tired and have a decreased appetite, your appetite will return with time ?????? Drink plenty of fluids and eat small frequent meals ?????? It is important to eat nutritious food options (high fiber, lean meats, vegetables/fruits, low fat, low cholesterol to maintain your strength and assist in wound healing ?????? To avoid constipation: eat a high fiber diet and use stool softener while taking pain medication What activities you can and cannot do: ?????? When you go home, you may walk and go up and down stairs ?????? You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, rinse and pat dry ?????? Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small amounts of drainage from the wound, then place a dry dressing or band aid over the area that is draining, as needed ?????? No heavy lifting, pushing or pulling (greater than lbs for week (to allow groin puncture to heal ?????? After week, you may resume sexual activity ?????? After week, gradually increase your activities and distance walked as you can tolerate ?????? No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications ?????? Call and schedule an appointment to be seen in weeks for post procedure check and CTA What to report to office: ?????? Numbness, coldness or pain in lower extremities ?????? Temperature greater than .F for hours ?????? New or increased drainage from incision or white, yellow or green drainage from incisions ?????? Bleeding from groin puncture site SUDDEN, SEVERE BLEEDING OR SWELLING (Groin puncture site or incision ?????? Lie down, keep leg straight and have someone apply firm pressure to area for minutes. If bleeding stops, call vascular office. If bleeding does not stop, call for transfer to closest Emergency Room. Followup Instructions: Call to schedule an appointment with Dr. in week. :",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
794,12066,": : Service: CHIEF COMPLAINT: The patient is an year old female status post atrial ablation, status post gastric ulcer perforation repair, status post pneumothorax after internal jugular placement, Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, sepsis, Clostridium difficile. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a complicated patient who essentially was admitted to for EP ablation. The patient had been admitted to -Gluver on through . The patient complained of left heart palpitations with weakness, dry cough, no nausea, fever, chills or vomiting. The patient did have a little bit of yellow mucous when social history awoke on with palpitations, notified her primary care physician who noted heartrate of and sent her to the Emergency Room. The patient did have a history of atrial tachycardia but it had been quiescent. The patient had a long ventriculoperitoneal tachycardiac narrow complex at , a Dopamine drip was terminated but recurred. Sotalol and Metoprolol was added. Cardizem eventually was made p.o. Blood pressure had been limiting. On ? the patient had had surgery for repair of gastric ulcer perforation. Records are not available at this time regarding that procedure. The patient had near total gastric outlet obstruction, silk suture closed and placement of jejunostomy tube and gastrostomy tube. Right internal jugular line was placed at the same time. It was hard to control the patient's arrhythmias and was originally transferred to Dr. service for EP ablation. However, the procedure was cancelled secondary to the patient developing a fever. On transfer to the Medicine Intensive Care Unit the patient denies shortness of breath, chest pain, dizziness and was evaluated in the Medicine Intensive Care Unit. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Significant for hypothyroidism, hypertension, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation treated with Verapamil and Digoxin with no recent episodes, status post appendectomy, depression status post total abdominal hysterectomy, status post motor vehicle accident. SOCIAL HISTORY: Lives with sister, no children. She has five siblings. MEDICATIONS ON ARRIVAL: Verapamil b.i.d. Aspirin q.d. Synthroid mcg q.d. mg p.o. b.i.d. prn Digoxin . mg times one year On transfer the patient was on: Subcutaneous Heparin Sotalol mg b.i.d., held Risperdal mg p.o. q. h.s. Cardizem mg p.o. q.i.d., held Synthroid mcg q.d. Protonix mg q.d. Metoprolol mg q. hours, held ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies HOSPITAL COURSE: On arrival at the Medicine Intensive Care Unit the patient had a temperature of .. Pulse was in the s. Blood pressure was /. Respirations . Room saturations, oxygen to %. The patient weighed .. General: The patient is an elderly female in no apparent distress, lying in bed. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat examination: Extraocular movements intact. Oropharynx clear. Dry tongue. Left pupil, round and reactive to light. Heart examination: Tachycardiac, to , S and S within normal limits, clear. Lung examination, clear to auscultation bilaterally. Extremities, no cyanosis, clubbing or edema. Abdominal examination, tender suprapubic, midline vertical scar incision, positive bowel sounds, erythema and pus coming from the gastrostomy tube site. LABORATORY DATA: Studies at an outside hospital, computerized tomography scan noted right greater than left pleural effusion, ascites free air. Bilateral renal cysts. Electrocardiogram on noted supraventricular tachycardia, s, left axis deviation, scalloped , , flatter ST waves in V through V. White count on admission was , hemoglobin ., hematocrit ., platelet count , neutrophils , lymphocytes , monocytes ., eosinophils ., basophils .. PT ., PTT , INR .. Glucose , BUN , creatinine ., sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate . Clostridium difficile positive for stool on . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus positive at gastrostomy tube site on . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus positive for urine on . HOSPITAL COURSE: On at the outside hospital she was in normal sinus rhythm, within normal limits. On , narrow tachycardia, supraventricular tachycardia s to with rare related ST changes. The patient was placed on Telemetry. Rate was in the s after examination. Repeat blood pressure noted the patient to be in s/s. The patient was then sent to the medical floor for fever workup. Diltiazem drip was started for tachycardia. The patient became hypotensive. The patient was transferred to the Coronary Care Unit for treatment of hypotension and concomitant atrial tachycardia as well as fever workup. On , the patient was noted to have a right pneumothorax, status post right internal jugular line placement. Chest tube was placed. The patient was also noted to have Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in the urine and gastrotomy tube. Esmolol drip and Neosynephrine drip were started for her hypotension. On , the patient underwent the ablation procedure. Esmolol and Amiodarone were discontinued. The patient was weaned off of Neosynephrine. On , the patient was taken off of pressors and was placed on maintenance fluid. The patient was also noted to have Clostridium difficile. The patient was transferred to the floor on . Chart was reviewed and the patient was seen and examined. In summary, the patient is an year old female with hypertension, hypothyroidism, depression, atrial tachycardia, transferred from the outside hospital status post surgical repair for a duodenal ulcer and was sent to for EP ablation for atrial tachycardia. The patient was admitted to Coronary Care Unit secondary to decreased blood pressure in the setting of intravenous calcium channel blocker for rate control, lymph assist and tachycardia. Intensive Care Unit course thought a right pneumothorax secondary to attempted internal jugular line placement. The patient underwent successful ablation of atrial tachycardia, atrial flutter on . Infectious disease issues included Clostridium difficile in stool, Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pyuria in urine in the setting of Foley catheterization. On the floor the patient remained stable and had numerous complaints of pain. The patient had no cardiac events. The patient was placed on Flagyl for a day course, mg b.i.d. The patient was on Vancomycin intravenously q. for a course of seven days. The patient got tube feeds via the gastrostomy tube. The patient is to be screened for rehabilitation to assist with placement. The patient's laboratory data indicated the patient was generally hypophosphatemic and would supplement as such. The patient's TSH was also elevated to and we would be increasing her Synthroid dose. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . Status post EP ablation for atrial tachycardia . Clostridium difficile in stool . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, urinary tract infection . Status post surgery for perforated duodenal ulcer . Status post pneumothorax. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Risperdal . mg p.o. q.h.s. . Tylenol mg p.o. q. to hours prn . Prevacid mg p.o. q.d. . Synthroid mg p.o. q.d. . Nystatin powder to affected groin q.d. . Neutra-Phos packets q.d. . Heparin units subcutaneously b.i.d. as the patient is notbulating . Tube feeds - ProMod with fiber at cc/hr, check residuals q. , hold if greater than cc, free of water bolus cc per gastrostomy tube t.i.d. . Vancomycin intravenously mg q. hours, stop on . Flagyl mg p.o. t.i.d., stop on DISCHARGE CONDITION: Stable. DISCHARGE PLAN: The patient is to see Dr. at the Medical Building on at AM, phone . Treatment at rehabilitation, gastrostomy tube should remain clamped, change dressings of gastrostomy and jejunostomy tube q.d. Tube feeds - Cardiac diet, advance diet as tolerated. Check TSH in three weeks and adjust Synthroid. Check fingersticks b.i.d. and cover with sliding scale insulin. DR., - : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
211,3726,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Oxycodone / Zanaflex : Chief Complaint: Fever, hypoxia, hypotension Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: Mr. is a yo M, recently discharged from on after a VATS withLLL Wedge resection for lung CA on . His recent admission was complicated by hypoxia, a pneumothorax s/p chest tube placement and removal and then urinary retention which ultimately resolved. He was discharged home with VNA services to follow-up with Dr. and Oncology as an outpatient. . On the day of admission, a VNA came to change his dressings. She found that the patient was slightly hypotensive with SBP 's and hypoxic and called anbulance. The patient himself states that has been feeling a little anxious and shaky but feels normal. He states that the nurse over-reacted as his SBP typically runs 's and that he requires oxygen at baseline. He denies any changes in his health in the past few days, denies taking additional dilauded, no fevers, no chills, no coughing, + vomiting on the day after discharge, but no subsequent vomiting, nausea or diarrhea. He endorses left lateral/flank chest pain recent incisions but denies substernal or heart pain. No dyspnea. He denies any sensation of lightheadedness or syncope. . In the ED: The patient had no complaints. Thoracic surgery saw the patient and remarked that he was more hypoxic than baseline. Per thoracic's his baseline is O -% -L NC, BP 's, nl PCo 's. Vitals signs in the ED were SBP 's->'s spontaneously, O saturation % on NRB,low 's on L NC, temp .. CXR clear. Started on Vanc and Zosyn. He was given fluids. EKG showed deeper ST depressions and T wave inversion, trop . - > started on heparin for ACS vs PE. A non-contrast CT showed no fluid collection, no hematoma, some bibasilar atelectasis. The patient was also found to have renal failure and transaminitis. Past Medical History: Coronary Artery Disease s/p v CABG in (SVG -> RCA, occluded RCA and SVG->RCA graft on Cath in and RCA fills with collaterals; PCI to LAD(.x Cypher in and OM(.x Vision-BMS in Supraventricular tachycardia s/p ablation Peripheral disease s/p Right femoral to dorsalis pedis vein graft, L. femoral-peroneal bypass, right femoral-DP vein graft bypass, and left BKA, Excision of vein graft and aneurysm of the right common femoral artery with proximal vein bypass with interposition segment of nonreversed right basilic vein. Cath showed LSFA stents were totally occluded with collaterals Emphysema: Home Oxygen - Liters Pulmonary Embolism: on coumadin Hypercholesterolemia Total thyroidectomy for thyroid CA->Hypothyroidism Bilateral inguinal hernia repair CVA with left-sided weakness Carotid Stenosis: Right Total occulsion Seizure disorder Ischemic neuropathy Social History: He denies alcohol use. He smoked ppd for years but quit in . Lives alone with multiple family members living nearby. Formerly worked as a computer systems engineer but had to retire in due to multiple surgeries and medical problems. Currently on disability. Reports asbestos exposure for years at a building he worked at. Family History: Noncontributory, sister with history of ruptured cerebral aneurysm at age . Physical Exam: VS: Temp . HR BP / RR SAO -% L NC Gen: NAD HEENT: OP clear, EOMI, no scleral icterus Neck: No JVD, no LAD Cor: RRR no m/r/g Pulm: CTAB Chest: well healing wound on left posterior with TTP no swelling or erythema, no pus; healing wound on left chst/flank with bruising and TTP but no pus or erythema Abd: hypoactive bowel sounds, lower abd hematoma, abd diffusely tender to moderate palpation on left side and RLQ but not RQU, no rebound, no guarding; distended but not tense, no tympanic Extrem: no c/c/e Skin: no rashes Neuro: non-focal, AOx, attentive Pertinent Results: :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-.* Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD ALT-* AST-* CK(CPK-* AlkPhos- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD ALT-* AST-* CK(CPK-* AlkPhos- TotBili-. :PM BLOOD CK-MB- proBNP-* :PM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-. :PM BLOOD ASA-NEG Ethanol-NEG Acetmnp-NEG Bnzodzp-NEG Barbitr-NEG Tricycl-NEG :PM BLOOD Lactate-.* :PM BLOOD Lactate-. . Cardiac Cath (: . Coronary angiography of this right dominant system revealed minimal disease of the LMCA, widely patent prior LAD stents, mild restenosis of OM, and % occluded RCA that fills via LCx collaterals. . Arterial bypass angiography revealed % occluded SVG->R-PDA. . Resting hemodynamics revealed elevated and equalized right and left sided filling pressures with RVEDP, mean PCWP, and LVEDP of mm Hg. PASP was severely elevated at mm Hg. Systemic arterial pressure was moderately elevated. Cardiac index was preserved at . l/min/m. . Left ventriculography revealed + mitral regurgitation and LVEF of % with inferior hypokinesis. FINAL DIAGNOSIS: . Three vessel coronary artery disease. . Patent prior LAD stent, mild restenosis of OM stent. . Occluded SVG-->R-PDA. . Severely elevated right heart pressures and pulmonary hypertension. . Equalization of left and right sided filling pressures with possible restrictive vs. constrictive physiology. . EKG (: Sinus rhythm. Prolonged P-R interval. Right ventricular hypertrophy with secondary repolarization abnormalities. Compared to the previous tracing of the inferior ST-T wave changes are not as apparent. The other findings are siimlar. Clinical correlation is suggested. . CT chest/abd (: No evidence of focal fluid collection in the abdomen or pelvis to suggest an abscess. No evidence of hematoma in the chest, abdomen or pelvis. Mild compressive atelectasis is seen in the left lower lobe subjacent to a trace left pleural effusion. The patient is status post left VATS wedge resection of a spiculated left lower lobe pulmonary nodule. Note is made of subcutaneous air along the anterolateral left chest wall. . RUQ U/S (: FINDINGS: There are no focal liver lesions. There is normal hepatopetal flow within the main portal vein. The gallbladder has a mm nonobstructive shadowing gallstone. The gallbladder is not distended, and no gallbladder wall thickening or pericholecystic fluid is present. The common bile duct is normal measuring mm. There is no free abdominal fluid. There is no intra- or extra- hepatic biliary dilatation. The spleen is enlarged but stable measuring cm. IMPRESSION: . Cholelithiasis without cholecystitis. . Stable splenomegaly. . Bilateral LENIs (: No evidence of deep vein thrombosis in either leg. . Echo (: The left atrium is moderately dilated. Left ventricular wall thicknesses are normal. There is mild global left ventricular hypokinesis (LVEF = - %. The right ventricular cavity is markedly dilated with moderate global free wall hypokinesis with apical sparing. There is abnormal septal motion/position consistent with right ventricular pressure/volume overload. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. Mild (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. The tricuspid valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is moderate pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. There is an anterior space which most likely represents a fat pad. Compared with the prior study (images reviewed of , left ventricular systolic function is now depressed. . CT/CTA Chest, Abdomen, Pelvis (: . No evidence of pulmonary embolism. . Moderate-sized left pleural effusion, with associated atelectasis of the adjacent lung. . Bilateral renal hypodensities, too small to characterize. . Extensive atheromatous disease of the abdominal aorta. . CXR : Moderate left pleural effusion with subpulmonic component slightly increased from previous imaging on . Small right pleural effusion. Brief Hospital Course: Mr. is a year old male with a history of CAD, PVD, and NSCLC recently s/p VATS and LUL resection who presented with hypotension and hypoxia. . Hypotension: The patient's initial presentation with hypotension resolved after receivingF boluses. The etiology is unclear, but likely a mix of poor PO intake, resuming normal home anti-hypertensive regimen, and taking dilaudid for pain control post-operatively at home. He also had NSTEMI (see below - unclear whether this was the primary event or a result of hypotension. The patient also had a CTA to rule out PE. Low dose metoprolol was restarted as patient's blood pressure stabilized at baseline systolic values of s-s. . Hypoxia: The patient's hypoxia resolved shortly after presentation. Chest CT revealed a left-sided pleural effusion. There was no evidence of pneumonia. CXR on showed moderate left lower and middle lobe effusion, slightly increased from previous imaging on . This was thought consistent with recent h/o thoracic surgery, and given patient's low blood pressures, diuresis was considered but held. Patient will follow up with cardiothoracic surgery in the week following discharge. Saturations remained in low s on L NC, which is his home O regimen. . Fever: Patient presented with fever, but given negative blood and urine cultures, and no consolidation on CXR, infectious etiology was not thought to be the precipitant. Fevers resolved. He did have a positive monospot test, though his symptoms are inconsistent with active infectious mononucleosis. CMV Ag negative. . Transaminitis: On admission the patient was found to have a transaminitis. He had a very similar episode of hypotension, renal failure, and transaminitis in in which he was diagnosed with shock liver. His transaminitis is likely due to hypotension in the setting of extensive disease. His statin was held, to be restarted as an outpatient. Transaminitis downtrended throughout his admission. . Acute renal failure: The patient presented with acute renal failure and a creatinine elevated to . on presentation. ARF likely due to hypotension and disease. Over time, the patient's creatinine gradually trended back down to normal. . NSTEMI: The patient presented with a troponin of ., CKD and EKG with worsening TWI and ST depressions suggesting ACS although MB fraction was low. It is also possible that troponin was elevated in the setting of renal failure. Enzymes were cycled and CK peaked at . Enzyme leak likely related to transient hypotension and not to unstable clot formation, therefore his heparin drip was discontinued. Aspirin and plavix were continued. Statin was held for transaminitis. Metoprolol was restarted at low dose as the hypotension resolved. The above was discussed with his primary cardiologist, Dr. , who also followed him in-house. . Recent VATS: The patient was continued on tramadol and dilauded PO. The patient was followed by thoracic surgery. . History of COPD: nebs and Advair were continued. Will be discharged back on home O at -L nasal canula at all times. . Hx Seizure: cont Keppra. . Hx PE/DVT: off coumadin but INR . on admission. LENIs were negative for DVT. Not on coumadin due to past bleed while on anticoagulation in . Medications on Admission: . Fluticasone-Salmeterol - mcg/Dose Disk with Device Sig: One ( Disk with Device Inhalation ( times a day. . Clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T . Hydroxyzine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH PRN . Levetiracetam mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO q hours. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY . Nitroglycerin . mg Tablet, Sublingual PRN . Tiotropium Bromide mcg Capsule, withInhalation Device DAILY . Aspirin mg Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Famotidine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY . : One ( Tablet PO T . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B . Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH . Gabapentin mg Tablet T . Hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. :* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Medications: . Fluticasone-Salmeterol - mcg/Dose Disk with Device Sig: One ( Disk with Device Inhalation ( times a day. . Clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Hydroxyzine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for itching. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Levetiracetam mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Nitroglycerin . mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: One ( Sublingual prn as needed for chest pain. . Tiotropium Bromide mcg Capsule, withInhalation Device Sig: One ( Cap Inhalation DAILY (Daily: withinhalation device daily. . Aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Famotidine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. . Gabapentin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO three times a day. . Hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. . B Complex Vitamins Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Ascorbic Acid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D unit Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO B ( times a day. . : tablet Tablet PO twice a day. . oxygen Home O by nasal canula at -L/min at all times. Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: VNA Discharge Diagnosis: : hypotension, with associated NSTEMI, acute renal failure, and transaminitis Seconary: s/p recent left lower lobe wedge resection Discharge Condition: Stable, improved. Kidney function back to baseline, saturating at baseline on home O requirement, and blood pressure to baseline s systolic. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted for low blood pressure, low oxygen saturation, and fevers. Your visiting nurse found you with low blood pressures at home shortly following discharge from your recent admission for wedge resection of a right lung nodule. Due to hypotension, your cardiac enzymes, liver function, and renal function all showed evidence of temporary hypotension, which resolved with fluids and holding your blood pressure medications. Please continue to take all your medications. You are being dischared on a lower dose of your blood pressure medication: please take metoprolol .mg PO B. Your cholesterol medication (atorvastatin has been stopped temporarily, and your cardiologist will discuss restarting this at your follow up appointment. Return to the hospital if you have low blood pressure, fevers, shortness of breath or low oxygen saturation, syncope, lightheadedness, or chest pain. Follow up with your thoracic surgeon, cardiology, primary care doctor as described below. Followup Instructions: (CT surgeon: , : : : (Cardiology: Dr. : . : : (PCP: , : : Time to be determined. Please phone LAB : : : (Thoracic Oncology: Thoracic Oncology will contact you to set up an appointment. If you do not hear from them within days, please phone to set up an appointment. Please schedule follow up with your pulmonologst, Dr. , at . ",0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
191,3709,"Unit No: : : : Sex: M Service: CSU HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This -year-old black male had a type B aortic dissection in from the left subclavian at the level of the pulmonary vein. He was treated medically for hypertension, and he has a penetrating ulcer in his descending aorta of . cm which increased from . cm. The diameter of his aorta is . cm. He was admitted for thoracoabdominal repair. He had a cardiac cath on which revealed an ejection fraction of % and clean coronary arteries. An echocardiogram on revealed no MR and no AS. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Significant for a history of non- insulin-dependent diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and chronic renal insufficiency. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Avandia mg p.o. daily, labetalol mg p.o. t.i.d., Lipitor mg p.o. daily, lisinopril mg p.o. b.i.d., nifedipine mg p.o. daily, Protonix mg p.o. daily, isosorbide mg p.o. daily, hydrochlorothiazide/triamterene ./ one daily, and iron. ALLERGIES: He has no known allergies. FAMILY HISTORY: Unremarkable. SOCIAL HISTORY: Occupation: He is retired from Fed Ex. He does not smoke cigarettes. He does not drink alcohol. He lives with his wife. does not use drugs. REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Significant for BPH. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: He is a well-developed and well- nourished black male in no apparent distress. Vital signs are stable. Afebrile. HEENT exam reveals normocephalic and atraumatic. Extraocular movements are intact. The oropharynx is benign. The neck is supple. Full range of motion. No lymphadenopathy or thyromegaly. Carotids are + and equal bilaterally without bruits. The lungs are clear to auscultation and percussion. Cardiovascular exam reveals a regular rate and rhythm. Normal S and S with no rubs, murmurs, or gallops. The abdomen is soft, nontender, with positive bowel sounds. No masses or hepatosplenomegaly. The extremities are without clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Neurologic exam is nonfocal. Pulses are + and equal bilaterally throughout. HOSPITAL COURSE: He was admitted to the OR. He was intubated and then an intrathecal catheter was attempted, and the patient had spinal stenosis, and the anesthesiologists were unable to advance into the CSF space. The procedure was aborted, and the patient was transferred to the CSRU in stable condition. Of note, they were also unable to place a Foley catheter, and he needed a coude catheter which was placed. He was extubated in the CSRU the same day, and the following day was transferred to Two. DISCHARGE STATUS: He had his bladder catheter discontinued and was able to void and was discharged to home on in stable condition. His hematocrit was ., white count was , platelets were ,. PTT was .. INR was .. Sodium of , chloride of , CO of , BUN of , creatinine of , potassium of .. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: Same as preoperatively. DIE FOLLOWUP: He will follow up with Dr. on to reschedule his surgery. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
604,9196,": : : Sex: F Service: Cardiothoracic Surgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female transferred from Hospital with complaint of shortness of breath and chest pain. The patient was admitted to Hospital for right lower extremity cellulitis and was started on Unasyn. During her admission there, she developed shortness of breath and substernal chest pain and desaturation on room air. The patient was then transferred to for further evaluation and management. Upon admission, the patient appeared to have an acute myocardial infarction and unstable angina. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: The patient is a year old woman who, in , underwent an aortic valve replacement and coronary bypass grafting. She subsequently developed unstable angina. Catheterization showed severe three vessel disease. EF of approximately %. The aortic valve prosthesis, which was a St. Jude's valve, was in good working order on admission. HOSPITAL COURSE: She was taken by Dr. to the Operating Room and underwent a redo coronary artery bypass graft ; left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending artery, saphenous vein to diagonal branch and saphenous vein graft to posterior descending coronary artery. The patient also was placed on an intra-aortic balloon pump by her femoral artery on , by Dr. . Unfortunately, the patient has severe lower leg cellulitis requiring treatment prior to bypass surgery. She has a history of severe peripheral vascular disease and therefore, intra-aortic pump was not placed. The patient was taken to the Operating Room by Dr. on , and underwent a redo coronary artery bypass grafting for left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to diagonal branch and saphenous vein graft to posterior descending coronary artery. Postoperatively, she was placed on Vanco and levofloxacin for her cellulitis. On postoperative day , the patient had an intra-aortic balloon pump in place and was placed on pressor in the CSRU. On postoperative day , the patient was reintubated for ventilatory difficulties. Subsequently, the patient also went into A fib and on postoperative day , the patient was cardioverted to sinus for A fib, unresponsive to Amiodarone. She was taken back to the cath lab where several grafts were foun occluded. She underwent PTCA and stenting of the LIMA graft and the LM artery.. Also, her postoperative course was complicated by renal failure. On , she had a Quinton dialysis catheter placed in the right groin. She tolerated the procedure well but subsequent dialysis was not required. Also, on , Infectious Disease recommended Flagyl for her diarrhea. Throughout her course, the patient was extubated on . Subsequently, her course was complicated by fluid overload, PMVT arrest, bacteremia. The patient was extubated again on , and Dobbhoff that was placed became clogged and was d/c'd. The patient failed speech and swallow study because of aspiration within liquids. The study was done on . Subsequently, the patient was recommended for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement and tracheostomy. Due to her recurrent failure of extubation, Dr. placed a percutaneous tracheostomy tube and flexible bronchoscopy on . The procedure went well. On the following day, , the patient underwent a percutaneous gastrostomy tube placement in the Operating Room. After the placement of a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy, the patient was started on gastric feeds, and the patient appeared to be tolerating gastric feeds well. . And also throughout her course, she was placed on Plavix for her coronary artery stents and poor small vessels The patient is status post coronary artery bypass graft complicated by early graft closure and also had left main percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty stents, left internal mammary artery percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty stents and diagonal percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty stents postoperative. Her EF was less than %. Postoperative course was also complicated by arrhythmia and over time her renal status appeared to be improving and eventually her creatinine had come down to baseline of . and she began to make urine with Lasix. On , the patient is status post stenting. Postoperative day , status post coronary artery bypass graft and stenting. The patient developed a rectus sheath hematoma and was required two units of transfusion. General Surgery was consulted. Apparently the bleeding appeared to be stable and it stopped on its own. The patient did not require operation at that time. Given the patient's frequent arrhythmia, the patient was taken by EP to have an AICD placed on . On the th, electrocardiogram showed she has a ventricular paced rhythm with % capturing. The patient developed VT arrest after trach. At the same time, the patient was on vancomycin and Flagyl for antibiotic coverage. The patient had a Portacath catheter placed on the . The patient was also started on a Heparin drip for anticoagulation. The patient had AICD placed on , and postoperative day after AICD placement, the patient had an V tach and continued to have irregular rhythm. An echocardiogram was performed on the , which showed a thrombus at her St. Jude's valve. The patient underwent a TPA of thrombus. Post TPA echocardiogram showed mild to moderate aortic regurgitation; mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no mitral valve prolapse. Mild to moderate mitral regurgitation and no pericardial effusion. The gradient across the aortic valve has appeared to be decreased to approximately with intravenous TPA. At this time, the patient remained in the CSRU on trach and tolerating the percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube and her AICD. She is being AV paced with AICD at heart rate of approximately . Post TPA, the patient course was complicated by hematoma at her AICD site over her left subclavian site. The patient underwent a hematoma evacuation on . Postoperatively, the patient did well. The patient was deemed ready for discharge at this time. Prior to her discharge, the patient was afebrile. Vital signs were stable. Chest was clear. Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended. The patient was tolerating percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy feed and she is getting ProMod with fiber at full strength at cc an hour. The patient's AICD was turned on by Cardiology of AV pacing to a rate of . The patient tolerated that for about a week and appeared to be tolerating that and stable on the current AICD settings. The patient is pending rehabilitation bed at this time. Please have the patient call the Electrophysiology Service, attending, Dr. , for follow up appointments with AICD and upon her discharge from rehabilitation, please have her contact Dr. for follow up appointments. The patient had a tracheostomy and per Respiratory Therapy, please always deflate cuff prior to placing the valve and monitor O sats and respiration while valve in place. Take the valve off while no one is supervising her. Do not allow the patient to sleep with the valve in place. PNB wean schedule is up to the discretion of the Nurse's and the Respiratory Therapist at rehabilitation facility. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . Status post coronary artery bypass graft . . Status post percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy. . Status post trach. . Status post AICD placement. . TPA of thrombosed aortic valve. . Status post hematoma evacuation. . Coronary artery disease. . Acute renal failure. . Diabetes mellitus. . Hypertension. . Chronic respiratory insufficiency. . Mechanical ventilation dependency. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: The patient is to be discharged with: . Spironolactone mg p.o. q d. . Lasix mg intravenous t.i.d. . Amiodarone mg p.o. q d. . Levothyroxine mcg p.o. q d. . Ascorbic Acid mg per nasogastric tube q d. . Multi-vitamin mg per nasogastric tube q d. . Zinc Sulfate mg per G tube q d. . Percocet Elixir mg per G tube q to hours prn. . Glipizide mg p.o. b.i.d. . Aspirin mg per G tube q d. . Prevacid mg per G tube q d. . Albuterol one to two puffs q hours prn. . Coumadin mg p.o. q hs. . Thyroxalin mg p.o. q d. . The patient is to be discharged with ProMod with fiber at full strength at cc an hour. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: Please check INR and adjust Coumadin level for a target range of INR of for her prosthetic aortic valve. She had to finish a day course of Plavix and will no longer be requiring Plavix per Cardiology. The patient is deemed ready for discharge. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1202,26724,": : : Sex: F Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a -year-old Cambodian female who has no significant past medical history. She was found unresponsive at home on . She was found to be hypertensive and intubated at the scene and resuscitated with fluid boluses. Prior to this, the patient had neck swelling for days which occurred in conjunction with administration of Actos for newly diagnosed diabetes. Laryngoscopy was performed revealing airway edema. A CT scan of the chest and neck revealed a goiter with airway compression. TSH was elevated at .. Neurology workup including EEG and CT was negative. She was transferred here for a planned sternotomy with mass resection. HOSPITAL COURSE: On admission, the patient was stable and intubated. Endocrine was consulted given the patient's diabetes and hypothyroid state. It was recommended that total thyroidectomy be performed as well as thyroid hormone replacement initiated. She was preopped for surgery on . On , the patient underwent bronchoscopy and partial sternotomy with right total and left subtotal thyroidectomy. See operative report for details. The patient tolerated the procedure well from a hemodynamic standpoint. However, attempts to re-intubate her at the end with assistance of tube changer were unsuccessful using ., ., . and even a . endotracheal tube and it was presumed that the patient had an extrinsic mass or perhaps extrinsic pathology to the trachea. She was returned to the OR on for rigid bronchoscopy and tumor debridement as well as dilation of tracheal stenosis. At this time, it was noted that she had diffusely abnormal mucosa of her subglottic space and significantly narrow tracheal lumen down to the distal trachea. Biopsies and therapeutic aspiration were performed. At this time, a . ET tube was placed without difficulty. She was transferred back to the ICU for further management. The pathology showed the patient to have papillary carcinoma of the thyroid with extrathyroidal invasion and nodal involvement. At this time, the patient was found to have nosocomial pneumonia with sputum cultures positive for Acinetobacter, pan-resistant, as well as Enterobacter cloacae, pansensitive. was consulted and the patient was started on imipenem and tobramycin at this time. The patient remained stable and on , returned to the OR for bronchoscopy with tracheal dilation (balloon and rigid with tracheostomy. Postoperatively, chest-ray showed that the patient had developed a right pneumothorax, displacing the right hemidiaphragm and the mediastinum, collapsing the right lung secondary to barotrauma versus the tracheal dilation procedure. A right chest tube was placed as well as her central line was changed over wire and post chest tube chest-ray showed marked improvement of the large right pneumothorax. At this time, it was also noted that the patient had gram negative rods, specifically Acinetobacter in her blood cultures, and she was also placed onikacin. On , chest-ray showed near resolution of her right pneumothorax. Unfortunately, the patient went into atrial flutter which responded to Lopressor. Given her high grade of bacteremia, a CT sinus was recommended by Infectious Disease. This showed mucosal thickening of both maxillary sinuses and opacification of the ethmoid and sphenoid air cells. No fluid levels were noted. Additionally, there is opacification of the mastoid air cells bilaterally. At this time, given her stable, resolved pneumothorax, the chest tube was placed to water seal. On , her vent was weaned to CPAP and pressure support which the patient tolerated well. Her A line sites were changed as well. Over the following day, the patient was diuresed and tolerated tracheostomy mask trials for - hour periods per day. Endocrine was following and corrected the patient's hypocalcemia with Calcitriol as well as calcium carbonate. Her blood sugars were stable and the patient was off the insulin drip at this point. She was started on NPH and sliding scale insulin. On , a chest CT was performed to evaluate for consolidation. Multifocal opacities in the left lower lobe, right lower lobe and right upper lobe were concerning for pneumonia. A small right-sided pneumothorax persisted with the right chest tube in place. On , the patient remained stable. Her chest tube was removed and post pull chest-ray showed no evidence of pneumothorax. At this point, the patient had been receiving tube feeds at goal via NG tube. On , a PICC line was placed and the central line was removed. She was tolerating tracheostomy mask for hours. Over the next few days, the hospital course was uneventful save for a fever spike in which blood cultures were negative, sputum cultures showed persistent Acinetobacter infection and urine cultures showed yeast. The Foley was changed. On , a bedside swallow was performed to evaluate for the patient's ability to tolerate p.o. intake. Unfortunately, she aspirated at this time and failed the swallow exam. ENT was consulted for evaluation of possible vocal cord paralysis. On fiberoptic exam, it was noted that the patient had significant edema and pooling of secretions above her vocal cords. ENT felt that her ET tube was too big/long to phonate and cognitive issues were also preventing her from fully cooperating with the exam. They recommended downsizing her tracheostomy. Discussions with interventional pulmonology were initiated regarding having a custom-made T tube made. On , a Dobhoff tube was placed and plans were made for a PEG to be placed the following week given the patient's failure to pass the swallow exam. Over the next few days, the patient was stable and remained afebrile on Unasyn and amikacin. She completed her antibiotic course on . She continued to tolerate her Dobhoff tube feeds. On , the patient returned to the OR for a flexible bronchoscopy for tracheal measurements as well as flexible EGD with insertion of a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube. The patient tolerated the procedure well and returned to the recovery room in stable condition. On , her tube feeds were resumed and increased to a goal of cc per hour with fiber at full strength. She tolerated her tube feeds well. On , a rehab facility accepted the patient and she was discharged to rehab in stable condition. Of note, I had no interaction with this patient's care. This hospital course was dictated from the patient's records only. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Papillary cancer with positive nodes status post sternotomy and partial right and total left thyroidectomy on , status post rigid bronchoscopy and tumor debridement on , status post open tracheostomy on , status post bronchoscopy and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube placement on . DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Heparin subcutaneously , units/ml, injection b.i.d., albuterol sulfate .% solution, puff q.h. as needed, ipratropium bromide .% solution, puff q.h. as needed, Percocet / mg per ml solution, ml p.o. q.-h. p.r.n., metoprolol . mg p.o. t.i.d., lansoprazole mg suspension, delayed release, p.o. daily, liothyronine mcg . tablets p.o. b.i.d., calcium carbonate mg per ml suspension, ml p.o. t.i.d., Heparin Lock Flush units per ml, ml daily as needed, followed by cc of normal saline, insulin NPH human recombinant units per ml suspension, units subcutaneously times a day, adjust to achieve euglycemia. FOLLOW-UP PLANS: Interventional Pulmonology has ordered a custom T tube for the patient. Later, she will be contact to arrange for overnight admission for placement. She has an appointment with Dr. from Endocrine, on at : p.m. in the Clinical Center, . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: cc:",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
784,11740,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: FTT Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: F with DM, AS s/p AVR, cirrhosis ? NASH, with d fatigue, decreased po intake, nausea. Mild LLQ pain with no diarrhea per ED, though soft on repeat exam. Denies SOB, but says that she has had increased tachypnea over last . weeks. + weight loss, unsure of how much, but has noticed pants and shirts fitting differently. + cough over last few months, unproductive. + long smoking history. No fevers, night sweats, dysuria, CVAT. Of note, pt. continued to take all medications. Per pt., last saw PCP week ago . While in pt remained afebrile and hemodynamically stable on L NC with persistent tachypnea in s. She did have hypoglycemia to , first in transport to hospital, then in ED, which corrected with twops D and start of D/ NS. CXR showed a left pleural effusion, and UA showed a UTI which was initially treated with vanc/levo/flagyl to cover possible pneumonia and UTI. Electrolytes showed non-gap metabolic acidosis on VBG. Past Medical History: . Aortic stenosis with porcine valve replacement; last EF in system % . Diabetes mellitus Type . Right hip replacement . Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus . NASH Social History: She lives alone with neighbor's help. She has a remote tobacco history, quit in , one pack per day for > years, still smoking. No alcohol use. Per her report, no cancer screening. Family History: Significant for her father, who died at years from myocarditis. Physical Exam: On admission: Vitals: T ., BP /, HR , RR / % on L Gen: sleepy, frail, cachetic chronically-ill appearing woman HEENT: PERRL, EOMI, MM dry, OP clear Neck: no CV: tachy, nl rhythm, loud murmur over entire precordium Pulm: decreased BS L lower lung on lateral/anterior exa, R side clear Abd: soft, non distended, nontender, +BS Ext: lukewarm extremities, DP + bilaterally Neuro/Psych: Alert and oriented, nl tone, decreased bulk, weak thoroughout +/ strength UE and LEs. Pertinent Results: :PM TYPE-MIX PO-* PCO-* PH-.* TOTAL CO-* BASES-- COMMENTS-GREEN TOP :PM GLUCOSE-* K+-.* :PM URINE COLOR-Yellow APPEAR-Cloudy SP -. :PM URINE BLOOD-LG NITRITE-POS PROTEIN- GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN-. PH-. LEUK-MOD :PM URINE RBC-- WBC-> BACTERIA-MANY YEAST-NONE EPI- :PM URINE HOURS-RANDOM CREAT- SODIUM- POTASSIUM- CHLORE- :PM GLUCOSE- LACTATE-. :PM GLUCOSE- UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-.* CHLORE-* TOTAL CO-* ANION GAP- RENAL U.S. : PM RENAL U.S. Reason: ARF EVAL FOR HYDRONEPHROSIS MEDICAL CONDITION: year old woman with ARF, s/p tx for urosepsis, now w decreasing urine output. REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: Eval for hydronephrosis INDICATION: -year-old female with acute renal failure. COMPARISON: . RENAL ULTRASOUND: The right kidney measures . cm. The left kidney measures . cm. Again seen is a . cm cyst in the upper pole of the left kidney. There are no stones or hydronephrosis bilaterally. There is a traceount of ascites. IMPRESSION: . Left renal cyst. . No stones or hydronephrosis. CHEST (PORTABLE AP : AM CHEST (PORTABLE AP Reason: ? pulm edema MEDICAL CONDITION: year old woman with ascites. REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: ? pulm edema HISTORY: Ascites with possible pulmonary edema. FINDINGS: In comparison with the study of , there is little change. Again there is some enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with indistinct pulmonary vessels consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Left pleural effusion persists. The possibility of pneumonia at the left base can certainly not be excluded in the absence of a lateral view. CHEST (PORTABLE AP Reason: evaluate for interval change MEDICAL CONDITION: year old woman with L pleural effusion, ? PNA REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: evaluate for interval change HISTORY: Left pleural effusion and possible pneumonia, to assess for change. FINDINGS: In comparison with the study of , there is again increased opacification at the left base consistent with some combination of effusion, atelectasis, and pneumonia. Little overall change. ABDOMEN U.S. (COMPLETE STUDY : PM ABDOMEN U.S. (COMPLETE STUDY Reason: Evaluate for ascites, other intraabdominal pathology. Pleas MEDICAL CONDITION: year old woman with FTT, ascites, history of cirrhosis ? NASH. REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: Evaluate for ascites, other intraabdominal pathology. Please mark a spot for tapping (paracentesis. INDICATION: -year-old female with history of cirrhosis and ascites. Evaluate for intraabdominal pathology and mark a spot for tap. COMPARISON: None. ABDOMINAL ULTRASOUND: The liver is nodular and coarsened in echotexture consistent with underlying cirrhosis. Within the right hepatic lobe, there is a . . cm hypoechoic lesion with second questionable lobulated .-cm lesion seen posteriorly. The gallbladder wall is thickened with a single mobile gallstone seen. A sign was not elicited. There is no intra- or extra-hepatic biliary dilatation. The right kidney measures . cm. The left kidney measures . cm. There is a .-cm cyst in the lower pole of the left kidney. There are no stones or hydronephrosis. The spleen is enlarged measuring cm. The visualized portions of the pancreas are unremarkable. There is a moderateount of ascites within the right lower and left lower quadrants. A spot was marked for tap in the left lower quadrant. IMPRESSION: . Nodular and coarsened echotexture of the liver consistent with cirrhosis. . Two hypoechoic lesions within the right hepatic lobe concerning for hepatocellular carcinoma for which further evaluation with MRI is recommended. . Cholelithiasis. . Moderateount of ascites. A spot was marked for tap in the left lower quadrant to be performed by the clinical team. These findings were discussed with Dr. on at p.m. CHEST (PORTABLE AP : PM CHEST (PORTABLE AP Reason: please r/o acute process MEDICAL CONDITION: year old woman with HTN, DM, with fatigue, nausea REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: please r/o acute process INDICATION: Fatigue and nausea. UPRIGHT AP CHEST: Patient is status post median sternotomy and aortic valve repair. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Patchy parenchymal opacity is present at the left base with a left- sided pleural effusion again noted. No pneumothorax, though evaluation of the left apex is limited by patient head positioning. Degenerative changes of the left shoulder are partially imaged. IMPRESSION: Persistant left pleural effusion and associated consolidation, likely representing atelectasis though pneumonic consolidation cannot be completely excluded. Brief Hospital Course: A/P: yo with ? NASH cirrhosis, DM, HTN, AS s/p AVR here with Klebsiella bacteremia, CNNA and ARF, initially admitted to the ICU and subsequently transferred to the floor. . UTI: Patient initially found to have a positive UA with many bacteria, positive leukocuyte esterase and nitrite. She was initially started on Levo which was subsequently changed to Cipro and then to Ceftriaxone to cover both the UTI and Peritonitis. Urine cultures grew pansensitive E. coli and Klebsiella sensitive to all but nitrofurantoin. Patient will complete a course of Ceftriaxone until . . Klebsiella Bacteremia- Patients blood culture grew out Klebsiella. She was intially started on Zosyn but after paracentesis done and she was found to have peritonitis, this was changed to Ceftriaxone. Patient had an episode fo hypotension thought to be secondary to sepsis. She was intially started on pressors in the ICU which were quickly weaned. Patients subsequent blood cultures had no growth and her blood pressure remained stable. . Spontaneous Bacterial Peritonitis: Patient intially presentd with abdominal pain. Patient had an abdominal ultrasound which showed nodular and coarsened echotexture of the liver consistent with cirrhosis and had a moderateount of ascites. A paracentesis was done which showed polys and the culture was negative. She was initially started on Vancomycin and Levofloxacin which was then changed to Cipro and Zosyn. She was then placed on Ceftriaxone gm q hours. She was given oxycodone for pain control. She will complete a week course of Ceftriaxone for the peritonitis which will be done . . Pulmonary Effusion: Pt was initially tachynpnic likely attempt to compensate for metabolic acidosis. Pulmonary effusion chronic after sternotomy. Pt was intially started on vancomycin and flagyl but discontinued as there was no evidence of pneumonia. Patients respiratory status improved and did not require further intervention. . ARF: Patient intially had a creatinine of . on admission. She was becoming oliguric, initially thought to be hepatorenal. She was started on albumin, octreotide and midodrine for concern of hepatorenal syndrome. Patients candesartan and Lasix were held. Renal was consulted and felt the acute renal failure was secondary to renal hypoperfusion in the setting of her bacteremia, not hepatorenal. A renal ultrasound was unremarkable. The midrodrine, octreotide and albumin were discontinued. Patients creatinine slowly improved during her stay as her bacteremia resolved. Her creatinine was . on discharge. No further intervention was felt necessary, however patient will need closer follow up of her creatinine before she has an MRI. . Hyperglycemia-Pts glyburide was intially held secondary to acute renal failure as well as pt not having PO intake. When she began her PO diet, her sugars were noted to be in the s. She was started on Insulin (NPH and Regular. This was titrated up for better glucose control. She was sent home on U NPH QAM and Units QHS. She will continue wiht a sliding scale. She will need outpatient follow up for her glucose control and management of oral agents. She was not sent home on her oral (glyburide . Liver Lesions: Abd U/S showed two hypoechoic lesions within the right hepatic lobe concerning for hepatocellular carcinoma for which further evaluation with MRI is recommended. Lesions could be HCC vs. metastases. Pt also reports significant weight loss. An AFP was .. An MRI was not done because the patient had acute renal failure and her creatinine had not come down enough before discharge. She will need an MRI with contrast once her creatinine improves. . Diarrhea: Patient has history of diarrhea on Lomotil at home. Patient recently started on cephalosporin prior to admission. She did not have loose stool during her stay. C. diff cultures were negative. . HTN: The patients medications were changed from ToprolL to mg Metoprolol given intial hypotensive episode in ICU. . Anemia: Patient has a microcytic anemia felt to be iron deficiency. She was started on iron supplements. . Nutrition-The patient was evaluted by speech adn swallow because it appeared that she had difficulty tolerating a regular diet without an aspiration risk. She was cleared for a soft solid diet with nectar thickened liquids. She also needs to take her pills with purees. . Access: A Midline was placed on to continue her antibiotic course. . CODE: DNR/DNI Medications on Admission: Glyburide B.I.D., Lasix mg three days a week, ToprolL mg, Aspirin mg, Lovenox subcutaneous, Vytoren /mg, Atacand mg, Senna Percocet PRN Dulcolax PRN Discharge Medications: . CeftriaXONE gm QH Day = . . Insulin Regular Human unit/mL Cartridge Sig: One ( U QAM, U QHS Injection once a day: Please get U insulin QAm and U QHS. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Ezetimibe mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Ferrous Sulfate ( mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Vytorin - - mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. . Insulin Lispro unit/mL Cartridge Sig: - units Subcutaneous QACHS as needed for Sliding scale. . Oxycodone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. . MRI Pt needs to follow up with Dr and have him order an MRI with gadolinium to evaluate liver lesions Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: Urosepsis Peritonitis Acute Renal Failure Discharge Condition: Improved Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital for a bacterial infection. You were found to have bacteria in your urine and your blood. You were also found to have an infection called peritonitis. You were treated with antibiotics. You will continue to receive the antibiotic Ceftriaxone to complete a week course ( . You were also found to have some incidental lesions on your liver found on an abdominal ultrasound. We were unable to get an MRI of your liver because one of your labs called Creatinine was elevated which measures your kidney function. You will need to wait to get the MRI until this creatinine improved to characterize these lesions. We have stopped your Atacand and Lasix. You were started on iron supplements. Your ToprolL was changed to Metoprolol mg twice daily. Your Glyburide was stopped. You were started on Insulin. If you have any fever, chills, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, chest pain, shortness of breath, diarrhea, or any other symptom that concerns, please call your PCP or return to the ER> Please follow up with Dr per your scheduled appointment in . Followup Instructions: Please follow up with Dr per your scheduled appointment on at :pm Pt will need an MRI once creatinine improves to evaluate the lesions found on her liver on ultrasound. ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
496,8682,": : : Sex: M Service: NOTE: This dictation covers the Medical Intensive Care Unit course and the rest of the hospital course will be dictated by the medical team covering the patient. This dictation covers through . CHIEF COMPLAINT: Shortness of breath. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year old man with end stage renal disease on hemodialysis, status post a recent hospitalization for an arteriovenous graft clot and Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection, requiring Medical Intensive Care Unit admission for increased oxygen requirements post graft removal, with evidence of septic pulmonary emboli, a negative transesophageal echocardiogram and negative bone scan. The patient had partial removal of arteriovenous graft; placement of a temporary Quinton and placement of a tunneled catheter on . The patient was discharged to a nursing home on . The patient was initially treated while in house with Oxacillin and changed to Cefazolin with dialysis to facilitate dosing at the time of discharge. On presentation, the patient complained of shortness of breath, fevers, chills for the past one to two days with a cough, productive of sputum. There was no chest pain and no pleuritic pain. The patient did report orthopnea that was worsening. He does not walk at baseline. No nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, no melena, bright red blood per rectum, no lower extremity edema. Chronic rash. Examination was limited since the patient was on Bi-Pap and in mild respiratory distress. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . End stage renal disease on hemodialysis, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Last dialysis . . Diabetes. . Congestive heart failure with an ejection fraction of %. . Coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass graft in . Status post myocardial infarction in and . . History of atrial fibrillation. . Anemia. . Peripheral vascular disease. . Status post cerebrovascular accident. . Question of Protein S deficiency. . Kyrley's disease. . History of tonic/clonic seizure in the setting of sepsis. MEDICATIONS: . Cefazolin one gram q. day with hemodialysis, through , to complete a four week course. . Aspirin mg p.o. q. day. . Lopressor mg twice a day. . Captopril . three times a day. . Amiodarone mg q. day. . Digoxin . mg q.o.d. . Calcium acetate mg p.o. three times a day q. a.c. . Protonix mg q. day. . Lidoderm % patch p.m. to a.m. . Subcutaneous heparin, units q. hours. . Vicodin / two tablets p.o. prn. . Albuterol prn. . Atrovent nebs q. six hours. . Regular insulin sliding scale. . Docusate sodium. SOCIAL HISTORY: Prior to last admission, the patient lived at home,bulatory. He is a former security officer, retired. Positive tobacco history, one pack per days times years and current smoker. Occasional alcohol. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature .; heart rate ; blood pressure /; respirations ; saturating % on a non rebreather. General: Middle-aged male sitting in moderate respiratory distress. HEAD, EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT: Normal cephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light and accommodation. Neck supple. No lymphadenopathy. Cardiovascular: Tachycardiac. Pulmonary positive for rhonchi with decreased air movement of the left mid and lower lobe. Mild right lower lobe crackles. Abdomen with ecchymosis, soft, nontender, nondistended. Extremities: Trace edema. Right sided + pulses. Left sided pulses not palpable. Neurologic: Alert and oriented times three. Cranial nerves through intact. Moves all four extremities. Decreased sensation in the feet. Skin with necrotic lesions on the shins and chest. Wound in the right upper extremity with yellow ooze, beefy base and sutures intact. LABORATORY DATA: White count . with neutrophils, lymphs, monos. Hematocrit of .. Platelets of . Chemistries: , ., , , , ., . Calcium of .. Magnesium of .. Phosphorus of .. Arterial blood gases revealed ., , on % non rebreather. Lactate . down to .. CK of . Troponin of .. AST . ALT . Alkaline phosphatase of . Amylase of . Total bilirubin of .. Lactase . Albumin .. Urinalysis with large blood, protein, glucose, negative ketones. Greater than red cells, greater than white cells. Occasional bacteria. to epis. Prior CT from showed multiple peripheral nodules and opacities; some cavitated, consistent with septic emboli. Chest-ray showed a left mid lung with opacification and air bronchograms; possible small left effusion. Stable congestive heart failure, consistent with chest-ray from . Electrocardiogram revealed tachycardia, irregular; old Q in V and V. J point elevation. New peak T waves. New T wave inversions in AVL. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted and his hospital course was significant for the following issues: . Sepsis: The patient was started on the sepsis protocol as he met criteria. He received Ceftriaxone and Vancomycin. The patient received therapy per the sepsis protocol. He was continued on Ceftriaxone and Vancomycin and was also started on Oxacillin given his prior recent surgery and Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia. The patient had blood cultures which were negative to date at the time of this dictation. . Pneumonia: The patient had a significant lingular pneumonia with a small left sided effusion. This effusion was deemed not to be large enough to consider thoracentesis. On , the patient became more tachypneic in the Emergency Room, with a question of mucus plugging. He was intubated for impending respiratory failure and copious secretions were obtained from the endotracheal tube. The patient was continued on Ceftriaxone with clinical improvement. A sputum culture revealed + gram negative rods, awaiting speciation at the time of this dictation. The patient was extubated on and remained afebrile on antibiotics. . History of bacteremia: The patient had been discharged on Cefazolin with hemodialysis. On admission, he was restarted on Oxacillin and Vancomycin. Since there was no evidence of Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection, the Vancomycin was discontinued. He was continued on Oxacillin since that is better drug for a staph bacteremia. While this antibiotic regimen of Oxacillin and Ceftriaxone was felt to not be very elegant, given the fact that the patient had already completed three weeks of coverage for gram positive bacteremia, with a negative TEE, the decision was made to continue him on Oxacillin while in house to complete his four week course. Transplant surgery team saw the patient in house and noted the surgical site in the left upper extremity was clean, dry and intact with no erythema or discharge on . There was no need for antibiotics. They recommended wet to dry twice a day dressings and will follow-up to discontinue the sutures. . Pulmonary: As previously noted, the patient was intubated for impending respiratory failure with copious secretions. Over the course of the next few days, his respiratory status continued to improve with a combination of antibiotics and hemodialysis to remove any pulmonary edema. He was extubated on without difficulty and, at the time of this dictation, he was oxygenating well on two liters nasal cannula. . Congestive heart failure: The patient had some evidence of volume overload given his orthopnea. His JVP was flat; however, he was deemed to need close monitoring of fluids. His Lopressor and Ace inhibitor were initially held and later restarted. When the patient was stable, his Ace inhibitor was titrated up for a greater afterload reduction and blood pressure control. The patient was also maintained on his Digoxin. . Rhythm: The patient was noted to be in atrial fibrillation. He was continued on beta blocker and Amiodarone. At the time of this dictation, the patient was still in atrial fibrillation with good rate control. The patient was not on any anticoagulation. It is unclear why this was the case. . Coronary artery disease: The patient has a history of myocardial infarction times two. The patient's enzymes were cycled and he was continued on telemetry. He was continued on aspirin. . End stage renal disease: Hemodialysis fellow was informed. The patient had no acute indication for hemodialysis. He underwent dialysis on Tuesday, and was scheduled to undergo dialysis on with removal of two to three liters of fluid. . Endocrine: The patient was initially maintained on an insulin drip per protocol. He was transitioned to a regular insulin sliding scale after his sugars were noted to be in good control. . Hematology: The patient's hematocrit was low. He continued Epogen with dialysis and should be transfused with one unit with hemodialysis on , given his hematocrit of ., in a patient with coronary artery disease. . Gastrointestinal: The patient had some loose stool on . Given the history of antibiotics, a culture was sent for Clostridium difficile toxin and this was still pending at the time of this dictation. . Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition: After extubation, the patient was started on a diabetic diet and was continued on calcium. . Prophylaxis: The patient was continued on subcutaneous heparin and TPI. . Code status: At the time of this dictation, the patient reports that he would not want to be reintubated. He would like to have full resuscitation in the event of a cardiac arrest. The patient was encouraged to discuss his code status with health care proxy and family members. seemed somewhat uncertain and said he might change his mind in the future but it was clear that he did not want to be intubated at this time. DISPOSITION: The patient had a physical therapy consult and was stable for transfer to the floor on . MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER: . Captopril mg three times a day. . Metoprolol mg twice a day. . Regular insulin sliding scale. . Ceftriaxone one gram q. hours. . Oxacillin grams intravenous q. six. . Ipratropium nebs. . Albuterol inhaler. . Flovent. . Bisacodyl. . Senna. . Docusate. . Acetaminophen. . Subcutaneous heparin. . Calcium. . Digoxin .. . Amiodarone mg q. day. . Aspirin . . Lorazepam prn. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Gram negative lingular pneumonia. . History of bacteremia with Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The rest of this dictation will be done by the medicine accepting team. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
401,5975,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Chest pain and alcohol withdrawal Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: yo M with ETOH abuse c/b dilated cardiomyopathy (EF % /, HCV, h/o lung aspergillosis c/b cavitary lesion who p/w etoh withdrawal and chronic reproducible chest pain. He currently drinks gallon of vodka daily, his last drink was evening of . He reports that after his recent d/c from the hospital on , he attempted to make multiple follow up appointments withs and detox, but did not hear back; he became frustrated and again began drinking gallon of vodka/day. He reports he has also been having chest pain which is chronic in nature which he reports gets worse when he's drinking significantounts. He reports it hurts every time my heart pumps. He denies CP with deep inspiration and denies SOB. He has had no cough or hemoptysis. He reports since being in the ED, he feels increasingly tremulous and anxious and is hypertensive because he's withdrawing. He denies hallucinations. In the ED, initial vitals were . % on L NC. Urine tox was positive for benzos and cocaine; serum EtOH level was . ECG reportedly with NSST depressions and J pt elevations. CEs were negative sets. CXR was performed which showed stable radiographic appearance of known cavitary lesions in both lung apices with no new process identified. Plan was initially for d/c from ED given negative CEs, however patient began to withdraw in ED with sx of tremulousness, anxiety, hypertension. He received thiamine, folic acid, MVI. He received a total of mg diazepam (mg, mg PO. He was hypertensive to the s-s systolic and received his home dose lisinopril and hydralazine. His home dose beta blocker was held given urine tox positive for cocaine. Of note, he has had multiple past admissions for CP and EtOH withdrawal, most recently from at which time he required largeounts of benzos for safe detox. He was discharged home with plans to be admitted to inpatient substance abuse program at , however he did not do this. He is now being admitted to the ICU for EtOH withdrawal for qmin-h CIWA. ROS: No fevers/chills. No cough/sob, no palpitations. No N/V/diarrhea. No melena/hematochezia. No dysuria/hematuria. No rashes. Wound on back from recent fall is healing well. Past Medical History: Past Medical History: - EtOH abuse - h/o withdrawl seizures - Alcoholic Dilated Cardiomyopathy (EF % - cocaine abuse (last use ~ weeks ago - hypothyroidism - h/o head and neck cancer s/p resection and radiation in - bilateral cavitary lung lesions; bx demonstrated Aspergillous fumigatus and albicans - h/o C. diff colitis - h/oDA per OSH records (pt denies Social History: Smokes < ppd recently; prior to that he smoked ppd years. Heavy EtOH use (usually > gallon vodka per day. Sober x years up until ~ years ago; more recently, reports several months of sobriety. +Cocaine abuse; last use several wks ago. He deniesDA. Sexually active with his girlfriend. Family History: Mother with CAD. Sister with h/o CVA. Physical Exam: VS: Temp: . BP: / HR: RR: Osat %RA GEN: Appears mildly tremulous, moderate distress : PERRL, EOMI, anicteric, MMM, op without lesions NECK: no supraclavicular or cervical lymphadenopathy, no jvd, no carotid bruits, no thyromegaly or thyroid nodules, left anterior neck with soft tissue defect s/p surgery for head and neck cancer RESP: CTA b/l CV: rrr, soft/VI systolic murmur at RUSB ABD: nd, +b/s, soft, nt, no masses or hepatosplenomegaly EXT: no c/c/e, warm, good pulses SKIN: no rashes/no jaundice, wound mid low back healing without erythema, induration, warmth, fluctuance NEURO: AAOx. Cn-XII intact. / strength throughout. No sensory deficits to light touch appreciated. +DTRs-patellar and biceps. Pertinent Results: :AM ASA-NEG ETHANOL-* ACETMNPHN-NEG* bnzodzpn-POS barbitrt-NEG tricyclic-NEG :AM URINE bnzodzpn-POS barbitrt-NEG opiates-NEG cocaine-POSphetmn-NEG mthdone-NEG Brief Hospital Course: Alcohol withdrawal: His last drink was on and on admission he was tremulous and required increasing CIWA scale. On hospital day , he was transferred to the ICU for qmin-h CIWA. In the ICU on , he received mg total of valium, on CIWA scales for anxiety and tremor. On he received mg valium in the ICU. He was transferred to the medicine floor on and was continued on a CIWA scale. Psychatry was consulted due to high requirement. He was started on a standing valium regimen and was tapered, in addition to the CIWA scale. He was also continued on MVI, thiamine and folate. On transfer to Level detox program on , his standing valium dose was tapered to mg . In addition, he was continued on his CIWA scale. . Polysubstance abuse: In the ED, his toxicology screen was positive for ETOH, benzos, and cocaine. In the setting of cocaine use, his beta blocker was discontinued on admission. . Chest pain: He reported intermittent chest pain that has been chronic in nature. Per his history, his pain worsens in the setting of withdrawl and bodyaches. Of note, his exercise MIBI is without evidence of ischemia from . In addition,, his pain is reproducible on exam and thus appears most consistent with musculoskeletal pain. . Hypertension: He was hypertensive on admission in the setting of withdrawl. His beta blocker was discontinued and he was continued on his home regimen of lisinopril. . Dilated Cardiomyopathy (EF %: He remained euvolemic throughout hospitalization. He was continued on ASA and ACE-I. . Medications on Admission: Aspirin mg PO DAILY Levothyroxine mcg PO DAILY Buspirone mg PO B ToprolL mg Tablet PO once a day Lisinopril mg PO DAILY Trazodone mg PO HS Olanzapine mg PO HS B-complex with vitamin C Hexavitamin Folic acid mg PO daily Thiamine mg PO daily Discharge Medications: . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Hexavitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Cap PO every twenty-four( hours. . Folic Acid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Thiamine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . B-Complex with Vitamin C Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Nicotine mg/ hr Patch hr Sig: One ( Patch hr Transdermal DAILY (Daily. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed. . Olanzapine . mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed. . Diazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Discharge Diagnosis: Alcohol abuse Polysubstance abuse Congestive heart failure Hypertension Hypothyrodism Discharge Condition: stable Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital for alcohol withdrawal. You should continue to abstain from alcohol use. Please take all of your medications as prescribed. If you develop chest pain, shortness of breath, persistent fever > , or any other serious concerns, please return to the nearest emergency room. Followup Instructions: Please follow up with your primary care provider at Community Health Center at in weeks. You will need further evaluation of your difficulty swallowing. :",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0
1379,46015,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICAL ICU This is a discharge summary addendum to the previous addendum from . HOSPITAL COURSE: On , the patient was noted to have some bleeding at the tracheostomy site and ccs of blood from the nasogastric tube after the patient had pulled the tube twice and it was replaced. On that same day, the patient had repeated episodes of epistaxis, was evaluated by ENT by laryngoscope, visualized an abrasion in the left posterior pharynx, only seen with scope. ENT noted bleeding should stop on its own. The next day the patient received one unit of packed red blood cells. Hematocrit did not increase appropriately. ENT was called back for the repeated bleeding, removed nasogastric tube, inserted a Foley catheter into the left naris and inserted ccs within the balloon which immediately controlled bleeding from oropharynx. Dr. with cardiothoracic surgery who inserted the tracheostomy evaluated the tracheostomy and did not suspect that bleeding was from tracheostomy site. It appeared to be coming from above. On , the patient had a thoracentesis of two liters of serosanguinous fluid from the right lung base consistent with transudate, probably due to congestive heart failure; however, the patient's low albumin may have contributed to this effusion. Posttap chest-ray showed improvement in lung fields and pleural effusion. The patient evaluated by speech. The patient was unable to phonate. Possible laryngeal cord edema, trauma, limiting ability to aerate. Should be evaluated follow-up by ENT for laryngeal cord injury, paralysis. The patient did not have a swallow evaluation with the bloody secretion prior to the balloon tamponade, not viewed appropriate at that time. Will evaluate for swallow evaluation possibly Monday prior to discharge. The patient worked with physical therapy and making good progress. Would benefit from one to three times a week physical therapy sessions. On , a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy was placed by gastroenterology without complications. On , called to see the patient for cellulitis. On the neck, area erythematous, blanching to pressure. The patient was started on Vancomycin as on , had a MSSA culture around tracheostomy site, had deferred antibiotics at the time as the patient was afebrile with no symptoms, however, given the new cellulitis, started the Vancomycin as the patient has a Penicillin allergy. Would recommend a course of ten days as long as the patient continues to improve. The patient was seen by chest surgery who placed the tracheostomy and agrees with the above plan. want to add coverage if not responding. The patient also had some bleeding around the percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy which cleared with a lavage through the percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube. The patient had problems with intermittent bradycardia but was asymptomatic and otherwise vital signs were stable. Also problems with constipation, last disimpacted , with good effect, and tolerated tracheostomy mask on , for five hours and placed back on pressure support and % with good saturation at %, volume . Tracheostomy mask reattempted , pending at this dictation. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: (Addition . Vancomycin one gram intravenously qhours times ten days, started on . . Metoprolol mg p.o. three times a day, hold for heart rate less than . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
1346,46013,": : : Sex: M HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year old male with a past medical history significant for coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, and anemia who presents to the Emergency Room with inability to walk. The patient has which he was evaluated in the Emergency Department. The patient was going out to dinner with his wife and was unable to walk secondary to back pain. He also complained of shortness of breath. At baseline he uses home oxygen and a cane. Tonight he was not using his oxygen supplementation. He denies any numbness, weakness, paresthesias, loss of continence of urine or stool, although this has been a Emergency Department. He denies fever, chills, chest pain, myalgias, headaches, visual changes. He notes baseline productive cough, white sputum and stomach upset. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination in the Emergency Room revealed vital signs ., /, heartrate , respiratory rate and % on liters. Generally, the patient is chronically ill-appearing, propped up in bed on oxygen. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat, pupils equal, round and reactive to light, extraocular movements intact, mucous membranes moist. No lymphadenopathy. Cardiovascularly, regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. No bruits. No jugulovenous distension. Lungs with decreased breathsounds at the bases, otherwise clear to auscultation. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended, positive bowel sounds. Extremities, left lower extremity edema, baseline. No tenderness in the lower extremities. Tenderness to palpation at L. Neurological examination, the patient alert and oriented times three. Cranial nerves throughII intact. Strength / throughout. Normal sensation to bilateral lower extremities. No saddle anesthesia. Reflexes not illicited. Toes, withdraw bilaterally. Rectal tone normal by Emergency Department physician, negative. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease, non-Q wave myocardial infarction in , status post coronary artery bypass graft, catheterization in showing patent graft with three vessel disease, stent to ramus. . Congestive heart failure, ejection fraction to %, + mitral regurgitation, to + tricuspid regurgitation on home oxygen. . High cholesterol. . Diabetes Type . . Laryngeal cancer, status post resection and radiation. . Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation/flutter. . Glaucoma. . Degenerative joint disease of the cervical spine. . Asbestosis. . Anemia. . On home oxygen, restrictive lung disease. ALLERGIES: Penicillin. HOME MEDICATIONS: Aspirin, Imdur once a day, Zocor once a day, Levoxyl once a day, Captopril . three times a day, Sotalol and , Senna, Alphagan . three times a day, Phenol .% twice a day, NPH in the morning, at night, Coumadin mg a day, Lasix mg a day, Protonix mg a day. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient owns a bar and lives with his wife. smoking. No tobacco, quit smoking years ago. No drugs. LABORATORY DATA: Initial laboratory studies revealed complete blood count ., hematocrit ., platelets , differential segments, lymphocytes. Chem- , ., , , , ., . Calcium, magnesium and phosphorus ., . and ., ALT , AST , alkaline phosphatase , total bilirubin ., albumin .. Initial chest-ray in the Emergency Department showed cardiomegaly, mild congestive heart failure, left greater than right pleural effusion. Electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm, primary atrioventricular block, normal axis, left ventricular hypertrophy, no ST changes. HOSPITAL COURSE: , the patient was admitted to the floor. The patient had a computerized tomography scan of the abdomen which showed a moderate wedge deformity of the L vertebral body which is new compared to the study of and degenerative changes of the lower lumbar spine. Radiology recommended an magnetic resonance of the lumbar spine which was subsequently done which showed acute and subacute mild compression of the L vertebra without retropulsion or spinal stenosis and also showed a fracture of the distal sacrum at the S level and multiple degenerative changes and a small left-sided disc herniation at L to S, displacing the left S nerve root. On the floor, the patient was worked up for his anemia which supported chronic disease, negative. The patient received a transfusion for low hematocrit secondary to his coronary artery disease and was transfused for hematocrit of . Physical therapy was consulted and worked with the patient. Blood cultures were sent. On , while receiving transfusion for a hematocrit of , the patient desated to the mid s and received Lasix. Chest-ray showed a left-sided pulmonary effusion. Arterial blood gases was ., and at the time. Blood cultures were sent. Cardiac enzymes were done which showed a troponin of . and a creatinine kinase of without electrocardiogram changes. Chest surgery with Dr. was consulted for the left pleural effusion and recommended either a thoracentesis or thoracostomy. On , the patient developed progressive dyspnea and the saturations decreased. The patient was emergently intubated by Anesthesia without complications. The patient on , was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Chest-ray showed on , weak opacification of the left lung field. Chest computerized tomography scan was performed on which showed a very large left pleural effusion and moderate right pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis, stable calcified pleural plaque and stable left adrenal adenoma. On , the patient had a thoracentesis which was consistent with an exudate. The chest tube was placed on for a large left pleural effusion by Dr. . On the patient had a repeat computerized tomography scan after pleural tap and chest tube which showed persistent small bilateral pleural effusions with partial loculation of the left pleural effusion, decreased markedly since , study, persistent bilateral calcified pleural plaques consistent with asbestos exposure and groundglass opacities, likely the result of pulmonary edema in a stable small noncalcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. The patient was taken off of pressors. On the patient had a computerized tomography scan of the head secondary to poor mental status and inability to wean from the ventilator which showed no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, no change from prior examination. On , the patient had an magnetic resonance imaging scan and magnetic resonance angiography of the head which showed no evidence of acute infarct, bilateral chronic occipital infarct, ventriculomegaly out of proportion or sulci which could be due to NPH improper setting and magnetic resonance imaging scan showed bilateral distal vertebral changes with greater than % stenosis of the distal right vertebral artery. Ultrasound on showed a posterior effusion in the left lung cavity. On , chest tube was pulled without complications. On , the patient extubation was attempted and failed thought secondary to fatigue or mental status. The patient's oxygen saturation was to the low %, low blood pressure. The patient was reintubated without complications. The patient remained on a ventilator with sedation held. Coumadin was held in the setting of previous coagulopathy. The patient was maintained on tube feeds. On , the patient had a left subclavian placed. On , it was rewired. The patient's Metoprolol and Captopril doses were increased secondary to elevated blood pressure. The patient continued to have good RSVI less than but poor mental status. On , the patient went to the Operating Room for emergent bronchoscopy with Dr. . Tracheostomy was performed due to fibrosis in the neck likely secondary to chemotherapy. An endotracheal tube was placed instead of a tracheostomy tube and sutured in place. The patient tolerated the procedure without complications. Dr. intended to replace the endotracheal tube with a tracheostomy once tract forms in approximately one week, planning for , . Nutrition followed the patient closely. Tube feeds were increased, Promod with fiber to cc/hr, which was tolerated well with patient. The patient was started on Zoloft on for possible depression. The family notes that they think this is the cause for poor mental status. The patient works with physical therapy and occupational therapy. While in the Unit the patient was started on Levaquin and Ceftriaxone for a total of seven days for possible coverage of aspiration and infiltrate within the left effusion and for gram positive cocci in the sputum which culture showed consistent with oropharyngeal Flora. The patient remained afebrile. The patient was restarted on Vancomycin and Ceftazidime for a Staphylococcus aureus, Methicillin-sensitive within his culture. Penicillin allergy, the patient was started on Vancomycin and Ceftazidime for ventilated-associated pneumonia which was presumed. The patient had central lines removed on approximately and a right PICC line placed. The patient received additional units of blood for low hematocrit. The patient was complaining of epigastric pain. Cardiac enzymes were checked which ruled out for myocardial infarction. Electrocardiogram was unremarkable. Epigastric pain resolved with bowel regimen and improved. The patient was found to be constipated. The patient continued to do well with weaning on pressor support. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Fair. DISCHARGE STATUS: To rehabilitation. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . L vertebral body fracture. . Left hemorrhagic pleural effusion, status post chest tube drainage . . Right pleural effusion status post thoracentesis consistent with transudate. . Status post myocardial infarction, troponin of , . . Anemia, status post transfusion. . Methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia treated with Vancomycin and Ceftazidime, started no , planned for seven days. . Depression, started on Zoloft. . Diabetes, NPH and . . Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, Sotalol mg b.i.d. . Hypertension on Captopril t.i.d., Metoprolol t.i.d., Isordil b.i.d. . Hyperlipidemia, Zocor once a day. . Hypothyroid, Synthroid mcg once a day. . Constipation, the patient given Lactulose, Dulcolax, Colace, as needed. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
477,6231,": : Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins / Motrin / Vioxx / Colchicine / Optiray / Iodine Containing Agents Classifier : Chief Complaint: abd pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Hemicolectomy with diverting colostomy History of Present Illness: y/o woman with multiple medical problems including HTN, CAD, Diastolic Dysfunction, and chronic pain multiple issues presents to the medical service with LLQ abdominal pain. She visited the emergency department yesterday and was discahrged after an evaluation was performeed. A CT scan did not identify a likely etiology of her LLQ pain. Abdominal plain films demonstrated no air-fluid levels, no free air. She was discharged from the emergency room at that time. She called her physicians, however, later in the day with continued symptoms of LLQ pain, nausea and diarrhea , and she returned to the ER. . Labs at that time were notable for a WBC of .. She did spike a temperature to . and was started empirically on Cipro and Flagyl for presumed diverticulitis. Due to a history of encarcerated hernia, her wanted surgery to consult on the patient. Surgery recommended serial abdominal exams and to rescan in hours if she is not improved. . She was seen by her . in the ED, who agreed with continued conservative management withF, bowel rest, and antibiotics. . Past Medical History: Cor pulmonale - Echo : LV EF %, + TR, PA systolic HTN CAD - cath in with % stenosis in LAD Atypical Chest Pain Hypercholesterolemia OSA (does not use CPAP HTN DJD, OA Spinal Stenosis Cervical Spondylosis diverticulosis with numerous previous episodes of diverticulitis hx of strangulated hernia - s/p partial bowel resection s/p CCY h/o recurrent LE cellulitis Gout PE ( - was on coumadin Hemorrhoids - internal and external - documented via colonscopy in Benign colonic admenoma Neuropathy (with postural lightheadedness Glaucoma Endometrial mass, not undergone further work-up yet Polymyalgia Rheumatica NDM Social History: Widowed, lives alone in though daughter and grandchildren live downstairs. Daughter takes care of patient, including doing her shopping. Patient also has VNA once a week, a health aide times/week (helps with showering, PT times/week, and a housekeeper once every weeks. Denies EtOH, tobacco,DU. Family History: Father, brother died of cancer Mother died breast cancer (both have prostate cancer MGM, Mother, and brother all had DM No fam hx of CAD, MI, strokes, or blood clots Physical Exam: Vitals: . / %L Gen: ill appearing, uncomfortable HEENT: PERRL, EOMI. MMM. Conjunctiva well pigmented. Neck: Supple, without adenopathy or JVD. No tenderness with palpation. Chest: CTAB anterior and alterally Cor: Normal S, S. RRR. No murmurs appreciated. Abdomen: Soft, some moderate distention. Marked tenderness to palpation in LLQ. She tolerates my hand there with pressure after some time, howeger, and has no rebound. Extremity: Warm, edema bialterally, erythema and warms as well. + DP pulses bilat. . Pertinent Results: Admission labs: . :PM URINE COLOR-Yellow APPEAR-Clear SP -. :PM URINE BLOOD-NEG NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN-NEG GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-TR BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN-NEG PH-. LEUK-NEG :PM URINE RBC- WBC- BACTERIA-NONE YEAST-NONE EPI- :PM LACTATE-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N- CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- ALK PHOS-* TOT BILI-. :PM LIPASE- :PM ALBUMIN-. CALCIUM-. PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-. :PM WBC-.* RBC-. HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-. :PM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :PM PLT COUNT- :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N- CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM proBNP- :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* :PM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-. MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. . Microbiology: Blood cx: No growth Blood cx: No growth MRSA screening: No MRSA isolated Urine cx: contamination . Imaging: . CXR: No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. . Bilateral LE Ultrasound: No evidence of lower extremity DVT bilaterally. . CT Abd and pelvis witho contrast: . Colonic diverticulosis but no evidence of acute diverticulitis. . Unchanged prominence of the extra- and intra-hepatic biliary tree in this patient status post cholecystectomy. Stable hyperdense exophytic right renal lesion, incompletely characterized without contrast. If not further worked up, this can be attempted to be better defined with a dedicated MRI or ultrasound. . Unchanged appearance of suspicious endometrial lesion better described on previous vaginal ultrasound and continues to be suspicious for underlying malignancy. . Mild tree in opacities in the right lower lobe representing an infectious bronchiolitis. . AXR: No free intraperitoneal air. Nonspecific bowel gas pattern, without evidence for obstruction. . RUQ US: . No evidence of choledocholithiasis in the visualized portion of the common bile duct; however, most distal aspect is not visualized. . Chronic biliary ductal dilatation. . CT abd and pelvis witho contrast: . Interval development of acute diverticulitis with perforation in the mid descending and intra-abdominal free air. . No fluid collection or abscess. . Unchanged prominence of the extra and intrahepatic biliary system. . Stable hyperdense exophytic left renal lesion, for which workup was previously recommended. . Unchanged appearance of suspicious endometrial lesion for which workup was previously recommended. These findings were discussed with Dr. (medicine and Dr. (surgery early morning . . CXR: In comparison with study of , some atelectatic changes persist at the bases. No evidence of acute focal pneumonia. The various tubes remain in place. Free air cannot be identified or unequivocally excluded on this image. This would require CT or a lateral view. . CXR: In comparison with study of , there is slightly more prominence of opacification at the bases consistent with some combination of atelectasis and effusion. Tubes remain in place. . CXR: Worsening volume loss and consolidation/effusion in the left lower lobe. . Bilateral LE Ultrasound: No evidence of right or left lower extremity DVT Brief Hospital Course: Diverticulitis with perforation: Pt was admitted for severe LLQ abdominal pain associated with nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Pt underwent a series of imaging that initially revealed no etiology for her symptoms. She was started on ciprofloxacin and flagyl for suspected diverticulitis. With persistence of symptoms over the first hours of admission, repeat imaging was performed. The repeat CT scan of abdomen and pelvis performed on revealed perforated diverticulitis. Pt was taken to the operating room where a hemicolectomy with diverting colostomy was performed without complication. Pt was transferred to the ICU after the surgery where she remained intubated until when she was safely extubated and placed on supplemental oxygen. Pt was stable and transferred to the floor on . . She completed her course of antibiotics. She was easily weaned off of her supplemental oxygen. Her diet was slowly advanced to regular diet which she tolerated well. She was seen by physical therapy and should continue physical therapy as an outpatient until she reaches her baseline mobility. Her pain was well controlled on a regimen of tylenol and percocet. She was followed by the surgery team who monitored her ostomy output and instructed her to return to clinic on for follow up and removal of her staples. . DMt: Patient is on glipizide .mg po bid at home. On admission she was switched to sliding scale insulin. Despite surgery and perforated diverticulitis glucose was well controlled. Because pt's po intake is not at baseline she is being discharged on sliding scale insulin and qid fsbs. It is recommended that once her diet and glucose levels are stable that she be restarted on her home medication. . Atypical Chest Pain: Pt had one episode of chest pain during admission she states that this is a regular occurence for her. She has had extensive cardiac work up prior to this admission. EKGs were performed that showed no ischemic changes. She was given sublingual nitroglycerin and pain resolved. Please continue to provide nitroglycerin in pain recurs. Pt does not require monitoring of cardiac enzymes unless there are significant EKG changes. . Bilateral Leg pain: Initially described as lateral calf pain that improves with elevation of her legs. Tylenol and oxycodone were administered but provided minimal relief. Due to her immobility there was concern for presence of lower extremity DVT (though unlikely to occur bilaterally and simultaneously while on subcutaneous heparin prophyllaxis. Lower extremity ultrasound was performed on and revealed no evidence of DVT. The following night pain recurred with more characteristics of neuropathic pain (burning sensation, sensitive to light touch. Pt was restarted on her gabapentin mg that had been held since her surgery. At time of discharge, pt reports that pain has resolved since restarting gabapentin on . . Chronic diastolic CHF: stable; Pt did develop diffuse edema and crackles at the bases of her lungs. Fluid retention thought to be largely due to third spacing from surgery and the large quantities of fluid administered in the setting of perforated diverticulitis. Lasix was held on admission and was started at low dose after her surgery. At time of discharge pt was diuresing well on lasix mg po daily. If pt develops difficulty breathing or increased crackles on exam please consider increasing her lasix to her home dose of lasix mg po tid. Recommend monitoring blood pressure an urine output while adjusting lasix dose. Please consider adding an ACEI in the following weeks if blood pressure permits. . CAD: stable; patient continued on metoprolol and aspirin during her admission. . HTN: controlled and stable; patient continued on metoprolol and decreased dose of lasix during admission. Please consider adding an ACEI in the following weeks if blood pressure permits. . Polymyalgia rheumatica: Stable; Pt was switched to hydrocoritsone perioperatively. On transfer to the floor pt was restarted on equivalent dose of prednisone mg po daily. . Code status: DNR DNI confirmed w patient. . Contact: : Medications on Admission: Latanoprost . % one gtt qhs Atorvastatin mg qhs Omeprazole mg daily Prednisone mg daily Calcium Carbonate (Tums mg po T Docusate Sodium mg po bid Senna .mg po daily prn constipation Potassium Chloride meq tablet Cholecalciferol units daily Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg qH Gabapentin mg Aspirin EC mg daily Metoprolol Succinate mg daily Furosemide mg Nitroglycerin .mg SL prn Glipizide .mg po bid Gabapentin mg po bid Discharge Medications: . Latanoprost .Sig: One ( Drop Ophthalmic HS (at bedtime. . Metoprolol Succinate mg Tablet Sustained Release hr Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release hr PO DAILY (Daily. . Omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: One ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO once a day. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Miconazole Nitrate % Powder Sig: One ( Appl Topical T ( times a day as needed. . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Gabapentin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO Q-H PRN (: Please do not exceed grams of acetaminophen per day. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed: Please do not exceed grams of acetaminophen per day. . Nitroglycerin . mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: - tablets Sublingual once a day as needed for chest pain. . Calcium Carbonate mg (, mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO three times a day. . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. . Potassium Chloride mEq Tablet Sustained Release Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release PO once a day. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: : Perforated diverticulitis : Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitis type controlled hypertension Coronary artery disease chronic diastolic congestive heart failure PMR Discharge Condition: Stable; pt does not require supplemental oxygen; pt is tolerating regular diet and po medications; pt is currently unable tobulate due to deconditioning. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital for severe abdominal pain. After being started on antibiotics and undergoing several imaging studies you were found to have perforated diverticulitis. You immediately underwent surgery in which the affected portion of your was removed and a colostomy was placed without complications. You recovered well from the surgery. At the time of discharge you were tolerating a regular diet and no longer needed supplemental oxygen. The physical therapist worked with you and recommend continuing physical therapy after leaving the hospital. You were followed by the surgery team for the remainder of your hospitalization and will follow up with them as an outpatient. . The following changes were made to your medications: Your glipizide was stopped while in the hosptial. You are on sliding scale insulin to maintain you blood sugars. Once your diet is stable and your glucose is stable you can discontinue the insulin and resume your glipizide. Please discuss with your physician before making any changes. Your furosemide dose was decreased to mg po daily. Once you have adequate po intake you can increase your furosemide to your home dose. Please discuss with your physician before making any changes. Your bowel regimen of senna and colace was discontinued. . Please continue taking all other medications as previously prescribed. . Please notify your physician or return to the emergency room if you experience severe abdominal pain, significantly decreased ostomy output, vomiting, fever, difficulty breathing, increased chest pain or any other symptom that is concerning to you. Followup Instructions: Please follow up with your surgeon Dr. on at :am at . . . Please see your primary care physician within one week of discharge. . (RHEUM LMOB : : : . , M.D. : : : , ",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24,108,": : : Sex: M Service: MED HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year old Caucasian male with a history of -Gastaut syndrome, refractory epilepsy, mental retardation and frequent urinary tract infections who now presents with a two day history of increased seizure activity, increased lethargy and decreased p.o. intake. This history is obtained from the patient's caregiver. himself is nonverbal. Apparently patient has an average of six seizures per month, tonic clonic in nature and associated with a minute post ictal state. In the past two days he has had a total of six seizures already. He is refusing all p.o. intake including his medications for the past two days. The caregiver reports that his seizures usually increase in frequency when there is an associated infection. He did have one episode of nausea with questionable coffee ground emesis one day prior to admission. He was sent home from emergency department after negative lavage and hematocrit of one day prior to admission. There is no evidence of sick contacts, fever at home, chills, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, pain anywhere, foul smelling urine, urinary frequency, head injury, rhinorrhea, photophobia. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: -Gastaut syndrome diagnosed at age associated with approximately six seizures a month. Refractory epilepsy. Partial synostosis of the left lambdoid suture with compression of the left occipital lobe and posterior parietal lobe. Gastroesophageal reflux disease. Mental retardation. Recurrent urinary tract infections. Sinusitis. Microcephaly. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Colace b.i.d., Protonix q.d., Trileptal t.i.d., Zoloft q.d., Tums q.d., multivitamin, Felbatol b.i.d., Miacalcin nasal spray. ALLERGIES: Depakote (rash, Neurontin (rash, phenobarbital, Zarontin. FAMILY HISTORY: Unknown. The caregiver does state that patient's mother lives in the area. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives in a group home since with five other mentally disabled people. He requires constant supervision. He is nonverbal at baseline, but is able to communicate his needs per caregiver. There is no history of tobacco, alcohol or recreational drug use. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature ., blood pressure /, pulse , respirations , sating % in room air. In general, this was a pale, cachectic, Caucasian male who appeared younger than his stated age. He was awake, did not make any eye contact and was extremely agitated and restless, requiring soft restraints. Pupils were equally round and reactive to light. Nares were patent. Oropharynx was clear, but with poor dentition. Mucous membranes were moist. Neck was supple without lymphadenopathy, JVD or carotid bruits. Lungs revealed coarse breath sounds anteriorly bilaterally. Cardiac exam revealed that he was slightly tachycardiac, S, S, normal without appreciable murmurs, gallops or rubs. Abdomen was soft, nondistended, nontender with normal bowel sounds and no masses. Extremities displayed multiple areas of ecchymosis on his left lower extremity, but were otherwise unremarkable without evidence of edema, erythema or unusual rashes. Neurologically patient moved all four extremities spontaneously. He was nonverbal and did not follow commands. There were no deep tendon reflexes elicited. Toes were upgoing bilaterally, but there were no signs of clonus. LABORATORY DATA: Labs on admission notable for white count of . with diff of neutrophils, band, lymphocytes, monos. Hematocrit was , MCV . Sodium was , BUN , creatinine .. UA demonstrated specific gravity of . with pH of and all else negative. Chest-ray on admission was within normal limits and negative for any signs of pneumonia. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's leukocytosis and low grade temperature, both blood and urine cultures were drawn. These continued to remain negative throughout his hospital stay. Repeat chest-ray was performed on hospital day one and demonstrated left lower lobe atelectasis versus infiltrate. Patient was thus started on empiric Levaquin on hospital day one. He was aggressively hydrated with fluids, initially with normal saline secondary to sodium of . When his sodium normalized, he was switched to maintenance fluids. He was placed on both aspiration and fall precautions and supervised by a one-to-one sitter at all times. Given his questionable history of upper GI bleed one day prior to admission, hematocrit was followed closely and remained stable throughout his hospital stay. He was continued on daily Protonix and his stools were guaiac'd, all of which remained negative. Regarding his seizure disorder, patient was continued on his outpatient antiepileptics including Trileptal and Felbatol. Since our pharmacy did not carry Felbatol, he was allowed to take his medications from home. He was placed in soft restraints for his own safety during his seizure episodes. His outpatient neurologist, Dr. , was informed of the patient's in-house status. He was also given . mg of p.r. or Ativan for prolonged seizures. As his infection and dehydration were both treated, patient's seizures decreased in frequency and he soon returned to his baseline status. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Pneumonia, aspiration versus community acquired. . Dehydration. . Refractory epilepsy secondary to -Gastaut syndrome. . Hypokalemia. . Hypomagnesemia. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Colace b.i.d. . Protonix q.d. . Trileptal t.i.d. . Zoloft q.d. . Multivitamin. . Felbatol b.i.d. . Miacalcin nasal spray. . Levaquin q.d. for a total of a seven day course. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient was discharged back to his group home from where he came in good condition. He is to continue all his preadmission medications including a seven day course of p.o. Levaquin for his presumed pneumonia. He is to follow up with his outpatient neurologist within the next two weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0
299,5061,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Tapazole : Chief Complaint: Unresponsive, hypoglycemia Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Intubation History of Present Illness: year old male with a history of type diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and multiple episodes of hypoglycemia found unresponsive at home by a friend. On EMS arrival, cool and unresponsive but with pulse and spontaneously breathing. FSBG , given amp D and mg glucagon. Narcan without improvement. to ED. In the ED, vitals T ., , /, . Temp improved to . on bair hugger. Labs notable for WBC . without bands, Hct ., AG , BUN , Cre ., LFTs with mild transaminitis, CK , MB/MBI /., TnT ., lactate ., serum and urine tox screens negative. FSBG , remained normoglycemic while in ED. U/A with mod bact, WBC. Exam 'clamped down', cool, grossly edematous, no evidence trauma, no gag, unresponsive to painful stimuli, shivering. ABG .//. Intubated for airway protection (reportedly very difficult due to edema. Given given ativan and started on propofol gtt for ?seizure history. CXR with no acute process. CT head negative. Not placed in C-collar or spine imaging series given no concern for traumatic injury. Covered with vanc gm, CTX gm. Admit to ICU. Further history from the patient now that extubated and A&Ox. States that he awoke at :am and ate breakfast, taking all his meds including lasix, glargine and humulog. Went back to bed around :am then awoke later to go to the bathroom. The last thing he remembers he was going back to bed. Denies seizure history. Reports ultrabrittle diabetes with FSBG ranging to at times. Had been feeling well the day prior and the morning of admission. No cough, CP, SOB, nausea, diarrhea, fevers, chills. No recent med changes or new meds. Denies h/o prostate problems or change in urinary stream or frequency. Past Medical History: Diabetes type (since age on insulin, followed by Dr. -frequent hypoglycemic episodes -high level of anti-insulin Ab -complicated by nephropathy -complicated by retinopathy (s/p right eye laser surgery, repeated Vascular disease Chronic renal insufficiency (baseline Cre ~, followed by Dr. at Hypertension Hyperlipidemia Anemia Denies h/o seizure, heart problems (although sees cardiologist Dr. at NEBH Graves' Disease Diastolic CHF with LVH Social History: Lives with parents. Works in construction. No alcohol, drugs, or tobacco. Family History: Mother has DM and RA. Maternal Aunt also c DM. Nephew c DM Physical Exam: T . HR BP / RR SaO % on A/C xx, % FiO General: Intubated, sedated HEENT: pinpoint pupils, scleral edema, anicteric Neck: supple, trachea midline, no thyromegaly or masses, no LAD Cardiac: RRR, ss normal, soft SEM RUSB, no r/g, unable to assess JVD Pulmonary: diminished BS right base, crackles on left, no wheeze Abdomen: +BS, soft, nontender, nondistended, no HSM Extremities: warm, + DP pulses, + bilateral pitting tibial edema Neuro: Unable to assess due to sedation Pertinent Results: CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST: FINDINGS: There is no evidence for edema, hemorrhage, mass effect, or territorial infarction. There is no shift of midline, and there is preservation of the normal -white matter differentiation. The ventricles and sulci are normal in caliber and configuration. There are no fractures. There is mucosal thickening of the left and right maxillary sinuses as well as the ethmoid sinuses and nasal passages, which could be related to patient's intubated status. Patient is status post right lens surgery. There are extensive vascular calcifications of the carotid and vertebral arteries. IMPRESSION: No acute intracranial process. CHEST (PORTABLE AP: FINDINGS: The ET tube has its tip approximately mm from the carina. The NG tube has its tip projected over the stomach. There is apparent cardiomegaly which may partly be due to AP projection. The lungs are clear. RENAL U.S.: The right kidney measures . cm, and the left kidney measures . cm. The parenchymal echogenicity is somewhat increased, suggestive of chronic renal disease. There is no evidence of stones, mass, or hydronephrosis. The bladder demonstrates Foley catheter instrumentation, but is otherwise unremarkable. There is a smallount of perihepatic ascites. IMPRESSION: . Echogenic kidneys suggest chronic renal disease. . No evidence of stones, mass, or hydronephrosis. . Smallount of perihepatic ascites. MICROBIOLOGY: URINE URINE CULTURE-FINAL <, organisms MRSA SCREEN MRSA SCREEN-FINAL negative SEROLOGY/BLOOD RAP PLASMA REAGIN TEST-FINAL negative BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-FINAL no growth BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-FINAL no growth ADMIT AND DC HEMATOLOGY: :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-. MCHC-.* RDW-. Plt Ct- ADMIT AND DC CHEMISTRY: :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD ALT-* AST-* CK(CPK-* AlkPhos- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- :AM BLOOD LD(LDH-* TotBili-. CARDIAC ENZYMES: :AM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. :PM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. cTropnT-.* MISCELLANEOUS: :AM BLOOD VitB-* :AM BLOOD calTIBC- Ferritn- TRF- :AM BLOOD Hapto- :AM BLOOD TSH-. :AM BLOOD Free T-. :AM BLOOD ASA-NEG Ethanol-NEG Acetmnp-NEG Bnzodzp-NEG Barbitr-NEG Tricycl-NEG :PM BLOOD THIOPURINE METHYLTRANSFERASE (TPMT, ERYTHROCYTES-. U/mL RBC Brief Hospital Course: Unresponsiveness: Patient was initially with concern for protecting airway and thus was intubated. Hypoglycemia alone was most likely explanation for initial unresponsive state. On night of presentation patient had intermittently low fingersticks requiring p of D on separate occasions. At presentation tox screens negative and patient did not arouse to narcan administration. ROMI??????d with sets of cardiac enzymes (elevated enzymes likely due to CRI. CT head negative for intracranial bleeding at presentation. Patient spontaneously awoke and self-extubated in the MICU. After ensuring stabilization of vital signs, he was transferred to the medical floor on night of . Hypoglycemia / Diabetes: After initial night in the MICU with several D administrations, the patient had no more hypoglycemia while hospiatlized. Patient was subjected to QH fingersticks on the floor to monitor for and acute drops in blood sugar; however, the patient was never below mid-s. Moreover, his blood sugar climbed over overnight every night after leaving the MICU and coming to the medical floor (apart from night prior to discharge when sugars remained under . Patient received multiple doses of insulin overnight to keep sugars from climbing over (up to + and there was a concern for stacking due to patient's poor renal function; however, the patient's blood sugar never dropped. Given this information, the patient's glargine doses were gingerly titrated up throughout hospitalization until he had a night with no sugars over . He discharge glargine dose was U in the AM and U in the PM. Insulin Receptor Autoantibody Syndrome: Recently diagnosed with autoantibodies to the insulin receptor and started on oral prednisone for immune suppression as an outpatient; however, patient admitted that he only started consistently taking the prednisone a few days prior to admission. He had been frightened about side effects of prednisone, most notably, the hypertension. Rheumatology consulted on and they started patient on prednisone mg twice daily in the hospital. Discussion with rheum consult also revealed possibility that hypoglycemia could be attributed to insulin autoantibodies that spontaneously release a large pool of insulin rather than antibodies to the insulin receptor itself. Regardless, given patient's uncontrolled hypertension and hyperglycemia, dose of prednisone was reduced to mg twice daily and patient was started on azathioprine prior to discharge. Allopurinol was decreased to mg QOD in setting of starting azathioprine. In order to adjust dosing of azathioprine as an outpatient, a THIOPURINE METHYLTRANSFERASE (TPMT level was drawn and returned as . U/mL RBC after the patient was discharged. He was scheduled to see his rheumatologist, Dr. , the week following discharge. Chronic kidney disease: Patient presented with Cr of . up from his previous baseline of . to .; however, this dose not represent a significant worsening of GFR. Nephrology was consulted and reported that the patient had been approached about dialysis and about having a fistula placed in preparation, but he had thus far refused the idea of initiating preparation for dialysis. Nephrology consult did feel that patient would benefit from a kidney and pancreas transplant evaluation, thus he was set up to see Dr. the week following discharge. Hypertension: Patient presented with an impressive outpatient regimen of minoxidil, clonidine, metoprolol, diltiazem, doxazosin, and furosemide. He had recently been discontinued from the ACE inhibitor monapril in the outpatient setting for unclear reasons. While hospitalized, his blood pressures initially ranged from s to s systolic. His minoxidil and metoprolol doses were increased as an inpatient. As his refractory hypertension was thought to be partially associated with volume status, the patient was started on mg furosemide with appropriate diuresis and a reduction in his edema. He was discharged on oral furosemide at a dose of mg . Anemia: Stable from previously. Likely secondary to CKD. Patient would likely benefit from starting epo therapy; however, there are reports from his nephrologist that he has been resistant to this intervention. The epo clinic at was called and patient was provided with their number in order to set up a screening appointment. Also, as his iron saturation was found to be .%, he was initiated on iron replacement therapy as an inpatient. care: Patient currently has no primary care and desperately needs a physician to tie together his complicated medical presentation and his multiple specialist visits. He has been arranged to see Dr. in clinic the week following discharge. Medications on Admission: allopurinol mg po QOD Lantus Humulog sliding scale Lasix mg daily Doxazosin mg qhs Diltiazem mg clonidine .mg/hr q week Toprol mg po daily Toprol mg po QHS Minoxidil mg po daily calcitriol .mg po daily nephrocaps daily sevelamer mg po tid calcium carbonate mg po BWM crestor mg po daily colace senna Levothyroxine mcg daily Discharge Medications: . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Humalog unit/mL Solution Sig: Administer by sliding scale. units Subcutaneous four times a day. . Doxazosin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. . Diltiazem HCl mg Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: One ( Capsule, Sustained Release PO B ( times a day. . Clonidine . mg/ hr Patch Weekly Sig: One ( Patch Weekly Transdermal QFRI (every Friday. . Calcitriol . mcg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO DAILY (Daily. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Minoxidil . mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO twice a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Ferrous Sulfate mg ( mg Iron Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO BWM ( times a day (with meals. . Rosuvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily as needed. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Six ( units Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Allopurinol mg Tablet Sig: one half Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY (Every Other Day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO twice a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO twice a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Metoprolol Succinate mg Tablet Sustained Release hr Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release hr PO twice a day. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release hr(s* Refills:** . Azathioprine mg Tablet Sig: one half Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Sevelamer HCl mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO T with meals. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Six ( units Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Eight ( units Subcutaneous Every morning. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Diagnosis: . Hypoglycemia Diagnoses: . Diabetes Mellitus . Chronic Kidney Disease . Hypertension . Anemia . Insulin autoantibodies Discharge Condition: afebrile, hemodynamically stable, blood sugars in s Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital after you were found unreponsive at home. You were found to have a very low blood sugar level. Your kidney function was found to be worse. You were intubated and treated with glucose. Your blood sugars improved and your breathing tube was removed. You were evaluated by Rheumatology and instructed to take prednisone mg by mouth daily. They also started you on another medication called azathioprine mg daily. Once you were transferred to the floor from the intensive care unit, you were observed on the floor due to concern for high blood pressure and low blood sugar. The doctors have adjusted your Lantus and sliding scale insulin dosing as per the attached flowsheet. You have a complicated medication regimen and we have made several changes and additions to your medication list. Please review the attached medication list very carefully. Specifically we have added the following medications: Prednisone mg by mouth twice a day Azathioprine mg by mouth once a day Ferrous sulfate mg daily We have made changes to the following medications: Glargine (Lantus insulin U in morning and U at bedtime. MetoprololL mg in morning and mg at bedtime. Sevelamer mg three times a day with meals Furosemide mg by mouth twice a day Allopurinol mg by mouth every other day Minoxidil mg by mouth twice a day You should follow-up this hospitalization with several doctor visits: We have arranged for you to see a transplant kidney doctor, Dr. ( . on at : PM in order to be evaluated for the possibility of a transplant to improve your health You have an appointment with Dr. in rheumatology ( on at : PM You have an appointment with your new primary care physician at on at : PM You should call Dr. to make an appointment to follow-up on your kidney function. We have contact the anemia clinic at so that you can be evaluated by them. They should be calling you for an appointment; however, you may also call at . Should you have any fever, chills, chest pain, diaphoresis, low blood sugars, lightheadedness, or feeling that you may pass out, please call your physician or report to the emergency room immediately. Followup Instructions: We have arranged for you to see a transplant kidney doctor, Dr. ( . on at : PM in order to be evaluated for the possibility of a transplant to improve your health You have an appointment with Dr. in rheumatology ( on at : PM You have an appointment with your new primary care physician at on at : PM You should call Dr. to make an appointment to follow-up on your kidney function. We have contact the anemia clinic at so that you can be evaluated by them. They should be calling you for an appointment; however, you may also call at . :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
19,84,": Date: : Sex: F Service: ADMISSION DIAGNOSES: Anoxic brain injury. End-stage renal disease on hemodialysis. Sternal wound. Diabetes. Respiratory distress. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old female, status post a long hospitalization at culminating in CABG , porcine AVR, aspiration, infection, sternal wound infection, saphenous vein site infection, status post a G-tube with abdominal wall necrosis, status post J-tube, ARF requiring hemodialysis. The patient eventually discharged on . Then readmitted on for fever to . InCU for sternal wound infection and transferred to Rehab. At , two days prior to admission per report, the patient had a PEA arrest, status post epinephrine. The patient went into V-fib arrest, status post mg joule shock which converted into A-fib. The patient was transferred to Hospital late PM on . The patient there was continued on vent. Chest-ray and CT showed a bilateral lower lobe consolidation and left upper lobe consolidation. The report from Hospital attributed mucous plugging and vent associated pneumonia leading to PEA arrest. Also contributing were elements of hyperkalemia, hypoxia and hypovolemia. The patient had initially had episodes of SVT in the s-s which responded to of normal saline. The patient remained in atrial fibrillation and spontaneously converted to sinus. She was transferred to for continuity of care. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Coronary artery disease, status post CABG - LIMA to LAD, SVG to diagonal, SVG to OM sequential, AVR, porcine, End-stage renal disease on hemodialysis, Diabetes, OSA, OA, Vertigo, Skin cancer, History of abdominal hernia repair, Uterine cancer, status post TAH, Obesity, Hypertension, Status post esophageal dilatation, Status post gastric bypass with ventral hernia, High cholesterol. MEDS ON TRANSFER: prevacid, Reglan, Zofran, iron, zinc sulfate, iodarone, Vitamin C, tobramycin, vancomycin, heparin, ..................., epogen. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient is a rehab patient at . She has three sons. FAMILY HISTORY: Mother and grandmother died of diabetes. EXAM: Temperature , heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , % on vent, IFMV x, FIO ., pressure support , PEEP . General - an elderly woman, chronically ill, in no acute distress. HEENT - pupils equally round and reactive to light minimally. OP - mucous membranes moist, evidence of some EOMI. In general, patient not responsive. Neck - trach, no JVD. Lungs - crackles at the left lower zone. Cardiovascular - regular rate and rhythm, systolic murmur, I/VI ejection murmur. Abdomen - positive bowel sounds, nontender, nondistended. Evidence of sternal wound draining, suctioned with VAC. Evidence of a J-tube entrance of a ventral hernia wound and evidence of a wound under the left breast. Extremities - left heel eschar. Right leg saphenous vein site erythematous. Neuro - patient grimaces to sternal rub, does not follow commands. She has positive Snell, positive grasp. No decreased deep tendon reflexes in lower extremities. Babinski equivocal. LABS FROM FROM : White blood cell count , hematocrit ., platelets , N , L , M , E . Electrolytes - /., /, /., . CT of the head showed no bleed. CT of the chest showed left upper lobe infiltrate, bilateral pleural effusions and bilateral consolidation. ABG - ., , , INR , T ., ALT , AST , alk phos , total bili .. LABS AT : White blood cell count ., hematocrit ., platelets , N , L , M . Electrolytes - sodium , K ., chloride , bicarb , BUN , creatinine ., platelets , lactate ., ..................... ABG - ., , on FIO of %. Tobra level and vanc level pending. HOSPITAL COURSE: Please see previous hospitalization summaries. Outside hospital report head CT - chronic degenerative changes. On chest CT report - no PE, bilateral lower lobe consolidation, effusions, left upper lobe consolidation. Echo from - LVEF of greater than %, RV function reduced, mild MR. ASSESSMENT AND PLAN: The patient was a -year-old woman with coronary artery disease, CABG, end-stage renal disease, diabetes, status post a PEA arrest, V-fib, A-fib, now in sinus, likely secondary to hypoxia, hyperkalemia. CARDIAC - Status post arrest. Patient with history of arrest. The patient was ruled out by enzymes. The arrest was likely a combination of hypoxia and mucous plugging, as well as metabolic with possible hyperkalemia and hypercalcemia. The patient has a history of a normal echo. The patient's rhythm was in sinus. The patient was continued on mg po qd. The patient placed on telemetry and monitored in the MICU. Monitored electrolytes and in's and out's. The patient remained stable throughout her hospitalization. The patient's sternal wound placed to VAC. PULMONARY: Patient with a history of being vent and trach dependent. Patient treated with vanc, tobra, ceftaz and Flagyl, given history of vent-associated, given history of antibiotic resistant organisms. Sputum showed gram-negative rods. We will await final sensitivities from sputum. The patient's O sats remained stable throughout her hospitalization. RENAL: Patient with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis. The patient obtained hemodialysis in-house. ENDOCRINE: Patient with diabetes on sliding scale. The patient was maintained on sliding scale. Thyroid level was checked and normal. : Patient had one episode of being febrile on . The patient since then afebrile. The patient's blood, urine, sputum cultures pending. Patient with several wounds, nonhealing in nature. The patient had no evidence of active pus or drainage from any of the sites. The patient's sternal wound is set to the VAC. NEURO: Patient evaluated by neuro in-house given change in mental status, status post PEA arrest. The patient's initial diagnosis was most likely hypoxic damage resulting from hypoxic event. The patient's head CT showed no changes. MRI was obtained. EEG was obtained. HEME: Patient on Epogen and hemodialysis. FEN: The patient's electrolytes were monitored in-house. Peripheral - Patient maintained on subcu heparin, Protonix. Lines - patient with left Quinton, right subclavian peripherals. CODE: Patient remained full. PLAN: was discussed with family and PCP. to rehab. Patient was also seen by a social worker in-house. Patient discharged to rehab. CONDITION: Poor. DIAGNOSES: Anoxic brain injury. End-stage renal disease on hemodialysis. Diabetes. Status post pulseless electrical activity. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
419,10889,": : : Sex: F Service: CHIEF COMPLAINT: Infected AV graft. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year-old woman with a history of end stage renal disease who is currently being dialyzed from a left upper arm AV graft. The patient lethargy and mental status changes for the last hours. She was febrile to . Fahrenheit at home. She also noted some episodes of feeling cold approximately a week ago. She has been eating sporadically over the last couple of days, but denies any nausea or decreased appetite. She denies any neck stiffness or cough. disease secondary to lithium toxicity. The patient had a cadaveric kidney transplant in that was removed in . She has post transplant lymphoma that has been treated with Rituxan, hypertension, history of bowel perforation likely secondary to her PTLD that required a small bowel resection and bipolar disorder. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Depakote mg b.i.d., Olanzapine mg b.i.d., Protonix mg q.d., Nephrocaps one q.d., Klonopin mg q.h.s., folate mg q.d., iron mg t.i.d., magnesium oxide mg b.i.d., zinc mg q day. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: This is a ill appearing woman in mild distress secondary to pain and rigors. Temperature degrees. Pulse . Blood pressure /. Oxygen saturation % on room air. Examination of the head, eyes, ears, nose and throat revealed pupils are equal, round and reactive to light. Oropharynx was without lesion. neck was supple without lymphadenopathy. Lungs were clear to auscultation. Heart was tachycardic and regular with a out of systolic ejection murmur. Examination of the abdomen revealed it was mildly obese. There was mild tenderness to palpation in the epigastrium and hypoactive bowel sounds. There is a well healed midline scar. No masses or hernias are noted. Examination of the extremities revealed erythema and warmth over the left upper arm AV fistula with an eschar present in the center of the erythematous area. There was an intact thrill in the AV fistula and a left upper extremity was neurovascularly intact. There was mild bilateral pedal edema. A Port-a-cath was in place on the right side. On neurological examination the patient was oriented, but somewhat tangential. There were no focal findings. LABORATORIES ON ADMISSION: White blood cell count., hematocrit , platelets , sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarb , BUN , creatinine , glucose , calcium ., magnesium ., phos .. Chest-ray showed no infiltrate and abdominal-ray and electrocardiogram were unremarkable. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was initially admitted to the floor. She was treated with Vancomycin and Gentamycin in the Emergency Department. She was taken to the Operating Room shortly after admission for removal of the AV graft. This was performed and a small residual cuff of Gortex was left in place on the arterial and the venous side. A left IJ Quinton catheter was also inserted. The wound was left open and packed with Betadine soaked gauze. Postoperatively, the patient was admitted to the MICU where she was hemodynamically stable and afebrile with improved mental status. The following day she was transferred to the regular floor. Cultures from the resected AV graft revealed + coag positive staph. Blood cultures were negative. The patient underwent dialysis via the left IJ Quinton catheter, however, flow rates were very poor and eventually stopped completely. Therefore the patient was taken toR on hospital day number five and underwent placement of a tunneled dialysis catheter in the right IJ. She remained afebrile and the erythema and edema on the left upper extremity decreased each day. Dressings changes were performed three times a day with Betadine gauze. The patient continued to have stable electrolytes. She was dosed with Vancomycin as needed to maintain levels greater then . Her psychiatric status also remained stable on her current medication regimen. On hospital day number six the patient had no evidence of active infection at the site of the graft removal. She had been afebrile and hemodynamically stable since the time of her operation and her dialysis was working well through theR placed catheter and it was decided that she was stable for discharge to home. It should also be noted that she did undergo a duplex ultrasound looking for a venous thrombosis in the left subclavian and this was negative. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: AV graft infection. DISCHARGE PLAN: The patient will be discharged to home. She will be discharged on her previous medications of folate one tablet po q day, iron mg t.i.d., magnesium oxide mg b.i.d., zinc mg q.d., Divalproex sodium mg po b.i.d., Olanzapine mg b.i.d., Pantoprazole mg q , Nephrocaps one q.d., Clonazepam mg po q.h.s. and Vancomycin, which will be given in dialysis for a total two week course. She will also receive twice a daily wet to dry saline gauze dressing changes to the left upper arm until healed and she will resume a regular renal diet. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. , : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : cc:",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
23,108,": : : Sex: M Service: MED HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year old Caucasian male with a history of -Gastaut syndrome, refractory epilepsy, mental retardation and frequent urinary tract infections who now presents with a two day history of increased seizure activity, increased lethargy and decreased p.o. intake. This history is obtained from the patient's caregiver. himself is nonverbal. Apparently patient has an average of six seizures per month, tonic clonic in nature and associated with a minute post ictal state. In the past two days he has had a total of six seizures already. He is refusing all p.o. intake including his medications for the past two days. The caregiver reports that his seizures usually increase in frequency when there is an associated infection. He did have one episode of nausea with questionable coffee ground emesis one day prior to admission. He was sent home from emergency department after negative lavage and hematocrit of one day prior to admission. There is no evidence of sick contacts, fever at home, chills, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, pain anywhere, foul smelling urine, urinary frequency, head injury, rhinorrhea, photophobia. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: -Gastaut syndrome diagnosed at age associated with approximately six seizures a month. Refractory epilepsy. Partial synostosis of the left lambdoid suture with compression of the left occipital lobe and posterior parietal lobe. Gastroesophageal reflux disease. Mental retardation. Recurrent urinary tract infections. Sinusitis. Microcephaly. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Colace b.i.d., Protonix q.d., Trileptal t.i.d., Zoloft q.d., Tums q.d., multivitamin, Felbatol b.i.d., Miacalcin nasal spray. ALLERGIES: Depakote (rash, Neurontin (rash, phenobarbital, Zarontin. FAMILY HISTORY: Unknown. The caregiver does state that patient's mother lives in the area. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives in a group home since with five other mentally disabled people. He requires constant supervision. He is nonverbal at baseline, but is able to communicate his needs per caregiver. There is no history of tobacco, alcohol or recreational drug use. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature ., blood pressure /, pulse , respirations , sating % in room air. In general, this was a pale, cachectic, Caucasian male who appeared younger than his stated age. He was awake, did not make any eye contact and was extremely agitated and restless, requiring soft restraints. Pupils were equally round and reactive to light. Nares were patent. Oropharynx was clear, but with poor dentition. Mucous membranes were moist. Neck was supple without lymphadenopathy, JVD or carotid bruits. Lungs revealed coarse breath sounds anteriorly bilaterally. Cardiac exam revealed that he was slightly tachycardiac, S, S, normal without appreciable murmurs, gallops or rubs. Abdomen was soft, nondistended, nontender with normal bowel sounds and no masses. Extremities displayed multiple areas of ecchymosis on his left lower extremity, but were otherwise unremarkable without evidence of edema, erythema or unusual rashes. Neurologically patient moved all four extremities spontaneously. He was nonverbal and did not follow commands. There were no deep tendon reflexes elicited. Toes were upgoing bilaterally, but there were no signs of clonus. LABORATORY DATA: Labs on admission notable for white count of . with diff of neutrophils, band, lymphocytes, monos. Hematocrit was , MCV . Sodium was , BUN , creatinine .. UA demonstrated specific gravity of . with pH of and all else negative. Chest-ray on admission was within normal limits and negative for any signs of pneumonia. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's leukocytosis and low grade temperature, both blood and urine cultures were drawn. These continued to remain negative throughout his hospital stay. Repeat chest-ray was performed on hospital day one and demonstrated left lower lobe atelectasis versus infiltrate. Patient was thus started on empiric Levaquin on hospital day one. He was aggressively hydrated with fluids, initially with normal saline secondary to sodium of . When his sodium normalized, he was switched to maintenance fluids. He was placed on both aspiration and fall precautions and supervised by a one-to-one sitter at all times. Given his questionable history of upper GI bleed one day prior to admission, hematocrit was followed closely and remained stable throughout his hospital stay. He was continued on daily Protonix and his stools were guaiac'd, all of which remained negative. Regarding his seizure disorder, patient was continued on his outpatient antiepileptics including Trileptal and Felbatol. Since our pharmacy did not carry Felbatol, he was allowed to take his medications from home. He was placed in soft restraints for his own safety during his seizure episodes. His outpatient neurologist, Dr. , was informed of the patient's in-house status. He was also given . mg of p.r. or Ativan for prolonged seizures. As his infection and dehydration were both treated, patient's seizures decreased in frequency and he soon returned to his baseline status. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Pneumonia, aspiration versus community acquired. . Dehydration. . Refractory epilepsy secondary to -Gastaut syndrome. . Hypokalemia. . Hypomagnesemia. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Colace b.i.d. . Protonix q.d. . Trileptal t.i.d. . Zoloft q.d. . Multivitamin. . Felbatol b.i.d. . Miacalcin nasal spray. . Levaquin q.d. for a total of a seven day course. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient was discharged back to his group home from where he came in good condition. He is to continue all his preadmission medications including a seven day course of p.o. Levaquin for his presumed pneumonia. He is to follow up with his outpatient neurologist within the next two weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0
793,14140,": : Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Plavix : Chief Complaint: shortness of breath Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Endotracheal intubation Diuresis History of Present Illness: y/o F withVD CAD, CHF, severe MR, and mild AS who opresented with shortness of breath. This is patient's rd admission in weeks for similar problem. The night prior to admission, she became short of breath at Rehab, and was given Lasix mg po, NTG paste, and morphine, and was transferred to the ER. In the ED, she was cyanotic, unresponsive, and saturating % on a NRB. She was urgently intubated and given lasix, and admitted to the CCU. Past Medical History: . CAD: VD, cath with % LAD, % LCx, % RCA stenoses. Refused CABG. NSTEMI , hospitalization complicated by cardiogenic shock requiring pressors and intubation and NSVT. . Ischemic cardiomyopathy: TTE- EF %, +MR, +TR . CHF: Baseline pillow orthopnea, chronic intermittent LE edema. Numerous admissions for flash pulmonary edema. . DM type . HTN . Hyperlipidemia Social History: Lives at Rehab. She lost her husband almost years ago, and has sons. She denies any history of smoking or alcohol use. NoDU. Family History: non-contributory Physical Exam: T: . BP: / P: R: O sat % on L Gen: awake, alert, and oriented, in no apparent distress. Lungs: Decreased breath sounds at both bases, R>L, with rales way up bilaterally. CV: RRR, I/VI HSM at apex. Abd: soft, nontender, nondistended, with normoactive bowel sounds. Ext: trace LE edema, which is chronic per pt. Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-.* RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-. Hct-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap- :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :PM BLOOD CK(CPK- :PM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD cTropnT-.* EKG from admission: Sinus rhythm. Left atrial abnormality. Old inferior wall myocardial infarction. Old anterior wall myocardial infarction. Non-specific ST-T wave changes. Compared to the previous tracing no significant change. Brief Hospital Course: . CHF: This admission was felt to be consistent with the patient's prior admissions for pulmonary edema, with a CXR on admission c/w frank congestive heart failure. She was diuresed while still in the ED, and while she was in the CCU. The evening of admission, she was - liters negative, with acceptable ABG's on pressure support, and so was extubated. She was slightly hypotensive after that (systolics in the s and was placed on dopamine for a day (the hypotension was felt to be secondary to aggressive diuresis. Once the dopamine was discontinued, her regular medications were slowly restarted. She was placed back on her lisinopril and restarted on her carvedilol. She was continued with Lasix prn for a goal to cc negative per day (she usually responded to lasix mg IV. The evening of , she became acutely short of breath, tachypneic to and with O sat % on room air (earlier in the day had been % on room air. She was wheezing on exam, CXR c/w pulm edema, and was given an ipratropium neb and Lasix . She responded well to this. Because of her severe mitral regurgitation, she was also begun on a nitrate, Imdur mg po qd, which should be given at night because her ACE should be given in the morning. She tolerated the addition of these medications well. She was also changed to twice daily dosing of her Lasix (as it seemed that her shortness of breath episodes have been occurring at night. . CAD: Her troponin was mildly elevated on admission, but was not as high as it has been in the past, and she had no worrisome EKG changes. She has refused CABG in the past. It was not felt that her episodes of pulmonary edema are related to ischemia. . Pneumonia: She was febrile to the evening of , and was pan-cultured. Her UA was negative. Her CXR showed a retrocardiac opacity, and she was begun on Levaquin for a day course (renally dosed at mg daily. . Renal: Her creatinine was elevated to . on admission, and had come down to . by discharge (baseline mid 's. . Heme: Her platelets were very high at over , on admission, and came down to the s by discharge, which is around her baseline. Her hematocrit was on admission and dropped points that day, which is what has happened for her last admissions. It is unclear why, as her hematocrit should go up with diuresis. She received units of PRBCs throughout her stay, and her hematocrit was stable at by discharge. Her baseline is in the high s to low s per our records. . Code status: On her prior admissions here, the patient seems to have indicated that she wanted to be a DNR/DNI, and there was some confusion about this because it was reversed while she was at the nursing home. Her son was very clear that she is a full code, and once she was extubated we discussed this with her. She feels that she wants to be intubated if it is for a short period of time (such as this current episode, but would not want to be intubated for an extended period of time. She realizes that with her significant CHF and MR, these episodes will become more frequent, and that she will likely come to a point where she doesn't want to be intubated again, if even for a short time. However, she currently states that she wants to be a full code, as she has a good quality of life at Rehab and is not ready to be a DNR/DNI. This was confirmed with her son. Medications on Admission: Lipitor Coreg . ASA Lisinopril . Ticlopidine Lansoprazole mg daily Ipratropium Lasix mg daily Discharge Medications: . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily: Hold for SBP<. PLEASE give in AM. Tablet(s . Ticlopidine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Lansoprazole mg daily . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Isosorbide Mononitrate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO at bedtime: Hold for SBP<. Please give at night. . Ipratropium Bromide mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation Q ( times a day. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution Sig: One ( nebulized treatment Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. . Dextromethorphan-Guaifenesin - mg/ mL Syrup Sig: MLs PO QH (every hours as needed for Cough. . Carvedilol . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day: Hold for SBP <, pulse <. . Levofloxacin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours for days. . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: for the Aged - Acute Rehab Discharge Diagnosis: CHF CAD Mitral Regurgitation Pneumonia Discharge Condition: Stable Discharge Instructions: We have changed around some of your medications. You are still on carvedilol, and we have added another medication for your blood pressure called Imdur, which you should take at night. We have increased the dose of your Lasix and changed the dosing so that you take it twice a day instead of once a day. It is very important that you are weighed on a daily basis, and that if your weight goes up pounds you should speak with your doctor about increasing your Lasix. You should adhere to gm sodium diet, and not add any salt to your food. Fluid Restriction: ml. If you become short of breath again, your doctor should give you Lasix mg as this will work faster than po, and you respond very well to this medication and dose. Please resume taking your regular diabetes medication (you were on insulin while you were here. Followup Instructions: Please follow-up with your doctors Rehab very closely, and have them monitor your renal function while you are on an ACE inhibitor. ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
653,16141,": : : Sex: M Service: CARDIOTHORACIC Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: Chest Pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: s/p CABGx(LIMA->LAD< SVG->OM, dRCA History of Present Illness: y/o male with exertional chest pain. Had an abnormal stress test and then underwent a cardiac cath. Cath revealed three vessel disease and he was referred for surgical intervention. Past Medical History: Hypertension, Hyperlipidemia, Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, Emphysema, s/p Hemmorrhoidectomy Social History: Quit smoking yrs ago. Denies ETOH use. Family History: Non-contributory Physical Exam: VS: / cm General: NAD Skin: withd, intact HEENT: EOMI, PERRL, OP benign Neck: Supple, FROM -JVD, -carotid bruits Chest: CTAB -withr/r Heart: RRR, -c/r/m/g Abd: Soft, NT/ND, +BS Ext: Warm, well-perfused, -c/c/e, -varicosities, + pulses throughout Neuro: MAE, non-focal, A&O Pertinent Results: Echo: PRE-BYPASS: Overall left ventricular systolic function is normal (LVEF>%. Regional left ventricular wall motion is normal. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. There is no aortic valve stenosis. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are structurally normal. Physiologic mitral regurgitation is seen (within normal limits. No spontaneous echo contrast is seen in the left atrial appendage. No thrombus is seen in the left atrial appendage. No atrial septal defect is seen by D or color Doppler. There are simple atheroma in the aortic arch. The descending thoracic aorta is mildly dilated. There are simple atheroma in the descending thoracic aorta. There is no pericardial effusion. POST-BYPASS: Preserved -ventricular systolic function. No evidence of aortic dissection post de-canulation. Rest of study is unchanged from pre-bypass. Echo: The left atrium is normal in size. Left ventricular wall thickness, cavity size, and systolic function are normal (LVEF>%. There is post-op septal motion. Due to suboptimal technical quality, a focal wall motion abnormality cannot be fully excluded. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve is not well seen. There is no aortic valve stenosis. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. No mitral regurgitation is seen. There is a small pericardial effusion. Compared with the prior study (images reviewed of , biventricular systolic function is similar (post-op septal motion is new. A small pericardial effusion is now noted. CXR: Right internal jugular vascular sheath has been removed with no pneumothorax. Bilateral upper lobe fibronodular opacities with adjacent bullous emphysema and apical thickening are unchanged. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable in the postoperative period. Bibasilar reticular opacities are again demonstrated likely due to chronic lung disease. Superimposed acute basilar atelectatic changes have nearly resolved. Small pleural effusions are seen bilaterally. :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD UreaN- Creat-. Cl-* HCO- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-. Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-.* Brief Hospital Course: Mr. was a same day admit after undergoing all pre-operative work-up as an outpatient. On day of admission he was brought to the operating room where he underwent a coronary artery bypass graft . Please see operative report for details. Following surgery he was transferred to the CSRU for invasive monitoring in stable condition. Later on op day he was weaned from sedation, awoke neurologically intact and extubated. On post-op day one beta blockers and diuretics were started and he was gently diuresed towards his pre-op weight. He was then transferred to the telemetry floor for further care. On post-op day two chest tubes and epicardial pacing wires were removed. Also on this day he was experiencing some chest pain and an echo was performed which showed no changes from prior except a small pericardial effusion. Over the next couple of days Mr. continued to improve and worked with physical therapy for strength and mobility. On post-op day five he was discharged home with VNA services and the appropriate follow-up appointments. Medications on Admission: Aspirin mg qd, Pepcid mg qd, Flomax Discharge Medications: . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO every - hours as needed for pain. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Tamsulosin . mg Capsule, Sust. Release hr Sig: One ( Capsule, Sust. Release hr PO HS (at bedtime. Disp:* Capsule, Sust. Release hr(s* Refills:** . : One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Pepcid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Simvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: VNA Discharge Diagnosis: Coronary artery disease s/p Coronary Artery Bypass Graft PMH: Hypertension, Hyperlipidemia, Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, Emphysema, s/p Hemmorrhoidectomy Discharge Condition: Good Discharge Instructions: Follow medications on discharge instructions. Do not drive for weeks. Do not lift more than lbs. for months. Shower daily, let water flow over wounds, pat dry with a towel. Do not use lotions, powders, or creams on wounds. Call our office for temp>., sternal drainage. Followup Instructions: Make an appointment with Dr. for - weeks. Make an appointment with Dr. for - weeks. Make an appointment with Dr. for weeks. :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
863,24304,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: abdominal pain, alcohol withdrawal Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: HPI: yo M with PMH of alcohol abuse with many admissions for intoxication, hepatitis B and C who was brought in by the police after being found intoxicated. He originally did not complain of any pain or other problems. Of note, he was left AMA from the after admission for intoxication and concern for pancreatitis given elevatedlyase and lipase. . In the ED, his initial vital signs were T ., BP /, HR , RR , Osat % RA. He was found on exam to be very tender to palpation of his abdomen with rebound and guarding. He was pan-scanned given these findings. He was given L NS. He was placed in a C collar for spine protection. He was given levofloxacin mg prior to imaging because he complained of cough and had the low grade temp. He was given mg haldol and written for mg PO valium but it is unclear if he received this or not. . Currently, he is not answering very many questions. Obviously intoxicated and sleeping. Denies pain. Could not tell me how much alcohol he had today or what he drank. He usually admits to vodka and listerine as his drinks of choice. . Past Medical History: polysubstance abuse with alcohol, heroin,DU, benzo Hep C Hep B OCD and anxiety Depression seizures from alcohol withdrawal compartment syndrome of RLE in chronic bilateral hand swelling Social History: Homeless. DeniesDU recently. Denies tobacco recently. Does have a history of both. Family History: father with depression and alcoholism. Mother had diabetes. Physical Exam: BP / HR RR % RA Gen: somnolent man, disheaveled, NAD HEENT: pupils -mm, PERRLA, anicteric sclera, facial laceration above R eyebrow, MM dry with lip cracking. Neck with JVD or LAD. CV: RRR, no murmurs, rubs, gallops Pulm: Clear to auscultation bilaterally Abd: normoactive BS, soft, nondistended, tender to deep palpation throughout. + guarding, tender with percussion. + ecchymosis in RLQ Ext: no edema, no rashes, + pulses peripherally Neuro: PERRLA. Responds to occasional questions, not following commands. No tremors, no clonus. Opens eyes to verbal stimulus. + patellar reflexes. Pertinent Results: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD ALT- AST-* AlkPhos- Amylase-* TotBili-. :PM BLOOD Lipase-* :PM BLOOD cTropnT-<. :PM BLOOD ASA-NEG Ethanol-* Acetmnp-NEG Bnzodzp-POS Barbitr-NEG Tricycl-NEG :PM BLOOD Lactate-. . CT Head: . No acute intracranial hemorrhage. . Cerebellar atrophy. . CT C-Spine: No acute fracture or malalignment of the cervical spine. Mild degenerative changes. . -ray L elbow: No acute fracture or dislocation. Old healed left humeral shaft fracture partially visualized. . CXR: No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Abd/Pelvis CT: No CT evidence of pancreatitis or acute intra-abdominal or pelvic findings. Brief Hospital Course: Mr. was admitted with alcohol intoxication and abdominal pain. He had elevatedylase and lipase concerning for pancreatitis. A CT of his abdomen was negative for any abdominal pathology. Initially he was somnolent but on the day after admission he became more arousable. He received approximately mg of PO Valium over a hour period for alcohol withdrawal. He continued to complain of abdominal pain but his abdomen was benign and CT did not show any pathology. He was not given narcotics due to concerns for interactions with benzodiazepines and alcohol. His LFTs were mildly elevated consistent with alcoholic disease. He was given multivitamins, thiamine and folate. His electrolytes were monitored; however blood draws were difficult due to poor access. Social work and addiction services were consulted. He was referred the Stabilization Program who was in the process of accepting him possibly friday or monday . An attempt was made to transfer him to the floor and when he was told this, he held his breath and O sats dropped to the s and he was tachycardic. . On he left the hospital against medical advice. He was informed of the risks of alcohol withdrawal, hallucinations, seizures, delerium, and death. Medications on Admission: none Discharge Medications: pt left AMA Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Diagnosis: . Alcohol Withdrawal Discharge Condition: fair Discharge Instructions: Pt left AMA prior to receiving instructions. Followup Instructions: Pt left AMA prior to receiving instructions. ",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
325,8764,": : : Sex: M Service: ALLERGIES: The patient has no known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS: . Coumadin mg q.d. . Lasix mg q.d.; b.i.d. . Lasix mEq to mEq q.d. . Lopressor mg b.i.d. . Glucophage mg q.d. . Serzone mg b.i.d. . BuSpar mg q.three. . Zantac mg b.i.d. . Ambien mg q.h.s. . Lipitor mg q.d. . Synacort one puff q.d. . Colace mg b.i.d. . Flomax . mg q.d. . Oxycodone p.r.n. . Aspirin mg q.d. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease. . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. . Diabetes mellitus type . . Hypertension. . Depression. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: . Status post cholecystectomy, open. . Aortic valve replacement. . Mitral valve replacement, /. . Permanent pacemaker placement, /. HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old gentleman, well known to Cardiothoracic Surgery status post AVR and MVR (both mechanical on by Dr. . The patient did well for a few weeks, but then developed shortness of breath. The patient had bilateral pleural effusions. He had talc pleurodesis six weeks to eight weeks prior to admission by Dr. . Prior to discharge, the patient had increased shortness of breath. Echocardiogram, on the date of admission, showed pericardial effusion. The patient presented to for treatment. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Examination revealed the vital signs as follows: Temperature ., pulse and regular, blood pressure /, respiratory rate , saturation % on two liters. NECK: Supple, no bruits. CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular rate and rhythm. RESPIRATORY: Coarse breath sounds, decreased breath sounds at bilateral bases. ABDOMEN: Soft and nontender, nondistended. EXTREMITIES: + bilateral edema. LABORATORY DATA: Labs on admission revealed the following: White blood cells ., hematocrit ., platelet count ,, PT ., PTT ., ., sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., blood glucose . HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the Thoracic Surgery Department. On admission, the Coumadin was held and the patient was started on heparin drip for anticoagulation. On hospital day , the patient's condition was unchanged. Some respiratory difficulties were as follows: Coarse sounds bilaterally. On hospital day , the patient was given vitamin K to reverse the anticoagulation status. The patient still had some shortness of breath. On hospital day , the patient's condition remained unchanged. The patient had heparin drip for anticoagulation. On hospital day , the patient was taken to the operating room, where left VADC and cardiac window was performed by Dr. . The operation went without complications; cc of fluid was drained from the pericardium. One pericardial and two chest tubes were placed in the operating room. The patient was transported to the PACU in stable condition. Overnight in the PACU the patient initially did well, however, the patient started developing agitation. The patient was taking swings at the nurse. He had to be physical restrained and chemically restrained with Midazolam to which he responded well. Also, on postoperative day , the patient was taken for bronchoscopy. We found moderate amount of thick, white secretions in both lungs and this was suctioned to clear airway. The patient was in respiratory distress and required Neo for his blood pressure. The patient was transported to the SICU for further management and observation. On postoperative day , the patient remained agitated, requiring chemical and physical restraints. The patient was started on Coumadin and extensive diuresis. On postoperative day , the patient was weaned off Neo and started on Coumadin. On postoperative day , the patient's postoperative delirium almost resolved. He required minimal sedation and pain medication. He was transferred to the floor in stable condition. The patient's mental status was back to normal, but he did complain of feeling tired, weak, and sleepy. Also, on postoperative day , the patient's PCA was discontinued. The patient's chest tube was also removed without complications. He was started on Percocet and Ibuprofen for pain. On postoperative day , the patient remained stable. increased to . and the heparin drip was discontinued. The patient continuedbulation, exercise, and physical therapy. On postoperative day , the patient remained stable while exercising with PT. The was . and he was discharged home with a visiting nurse in stable condition. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Lopressor mg b.i.d.. . Metformin mg q.d. . Nefazodone mg b.i.d. . BuSpar mg t.i.d. . .................... mg q.h.s.p.r.n. . Atorvastatin mg q.d. . Flovent mcg two puffs b.i.d. . Tamsulosin . mg q.h.s. . Aspirin mg q.d. . Milk of Magnesia cc q..p.r.n. . Lasix mg PO b.i.d. . Percocet to tablets PO q.h.to h.p.r.n. pain. . Ibuprofen mg PO q.h.p.r.n. . Ranitidine mg PO b.i.d. . Docusate mg PO b.i.d. . Potassium chloride mEq PO b.i.d. . Coumadin mg PO q.d. (hold on . . Guaifenesin cough drops q.h.p.r.n. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Good. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient is discharged home with for blood draws and wound check. The patient should hold his Coumadin on the date of discharge (. The patient's should be drawn daily for a week and results should be sent to the patient's primary care physician (Dr. . The patient's potassium should be checked on . The patient should be Dr. in to days for and electrolyte check, as well Coumadin-dose adjustment. The patient will followup with Dr. in two weeks in his clinic. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, DM depression started on AVR, MVR pacemaker placement status post left pleural effusion. Pericardial window. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
183,3780,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: shortness of breath Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: Ms. is a year old woman with adenocarcinoma of unknown primary (s/p six cycles of gemcitabine/irinotecan and two cycles ofelox, last cycle who developed acute shortness of breath this morning. EMS was called and found her to have tachycardia to -; she was given mg adenosine with some slowing, and they determined the rhythm to be atrial flutter. She was given an additional mg lopressor with rates decreased to the -. On oxygen L at baseline. . In the ED, her heart rate was in the 's, and she did not receive any further rate control. Bedside revealed a moderate pericardial effusion with no signs of tamponade or RV strain. She received a dose of ceftriaxone, clindamycin, and azithromycin for CAP + post-obstructive pneumonia, as well as nebulizers and solumedrol . . Of note, she underwent her second cycle ofelox on . She was recently discharged from on after right chest thoracentesis and placement of chest tube for pneumothorax s/p throacentesis. She had been off her Lovenox for approximately days. . Oncologic history: Initially had syncope, and pericardial/pleural effusion discovered . Fluid revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma and pericardial fluid revealed well-differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma. She has had multiple admissions for dizziness/syncope and dyspena. She had pericardiocentesis and balloon pericardiotomy with removal of cc of bloody fluid on . Given location of effusions, a subtle gastric or pancreatico/biliary tumor was suspected, and she underwent cycles of gemcitabine/irinotecan. She has had bilateral pleurex catheters. She has a history of DVT/PE in . Past Medical History: - Tuberculosis treated in with normal chest-ray at in . - GYN: G P. Tubal ligation . Stopped menstruating at age , normal pap's per patient - Hypertension. - History of mild asthma, inhalers not used for several years. - normal mammogram less than one year ago. - normal colonoscopy /. - recent pericardial effusion/tamponade - right pleural effusion - large common femoral DVT - adenocarcinoma of unclear primary Social History: She worked as a nursing assistant. Lives with her husband. Children. Family History: Her father died of stomach cancer at age . Mother died of colon cancer at age . She is the th of children. She has lost siblings to motor vehicle accidents. Physical Exam: VITALS: T.F, BP /, HR , RR , Sat % VENT: BiPap / GENERAL: Respiratory distress, audible wheezing HEENT: BiPap in place NECK: No JVD appreciated, cannot lay patient flat CARD: Tachycardic, no murmurs RESP: Expiratory wheezing throughout, tachypneic, decreased breath sounds at bases bilaterally ABD: Mildly distended and tympanic, nontender, decreased bowel sounds EXT: Warm, well-perfused, + DP pulses bilaterally; + edema in both legs bilaterally NEURO: Alert & appropriate Pertinent Results: ABG: ./// on %NRB . :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N- CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- LD(LDH- CK(CPK- ALK PHOS- TOT BILI-. :AM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-. HCT-. MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* :AM NEUTS-.* BANDS- LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. ATYPS- METAS- MYELOS- Brief Hospital Course: Summary yF with adenocarcinoma of unknown primary presenting with tachycardia and shortness of breath. . Dyspnea. This was felt to be due to known pleural and pericardial effusions with associated SVT. At the time of admission, there was no evidence of tamponade or worsening pleural effusion on CXR. The patient has a history of DVT/PE from earlier this year, but did not have evidence of right heart strain on , was continued on her home anticoagulation and has anC filter in place. She was treated with azithromycin and ceftriaxone for a possible CAP and nebs plus short steriod taper as she has a history of asthma. The patient's shortness of breath responded well to supplemental O and low-dose morphine. Her rate was controlled at her baseline of -. She was discharged to home with azithromycin to complete a day course. . Tachycardia. The patient is tachycardic at baseline around -. On the day of admission and again on , the patient had an additionally elevated rate to the s. This responded in a moderate fashion to adenosine, metoprolol and diltiazem; the patient was transitioned to PO diltiazem. The patient's tachycardia was thought to be related to her shortness of breath, pleural effusion and advanced disease state. . Adenocarcinoma. The patient's primary oncologist, Dr. , was involved in her care from the time of admission. Xeloda was initially while in intensive care an was restarted when returning to the oncology service. She was discharged to home with services and plan for follow up with Dr. . . CODE: DNR/DNI Medications on Admission: Xeloda T Lovenox mg (restarted yesterday after being off week Calcium/Vitamin D Multivitamin Compazine/Zofran PRN Morphine mg PRN pain Fentanyl mcg patch Lidocaine Patch Discharge Medications: . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO Q ( times a day as needed. . Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D unit Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Fentanyl mcg/hr Patch hr Sig: One ( Patch hr Transdermal QH (every hours. . Lidocaine %( mg/patch Adhesive Patch, Medicated Sig: One ( Adhesive Patch, Medicated Topical QH (every hours. . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily for days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Capecitabine mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Loperamide mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO Q:PRN as needed: After loose bowel movement. Do not exceed tabs per day. . Azithromycin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO QH (every hours for days. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed. . Megestrol mg/mL Suspension Sig: Ten ( mL PO DAILY (Daily. . Hexavitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Enoxaparin mg/. mL Syringe Sig: One ( Subcutaneous QH (every hours. . Levalbuterol HCl . mg/ mL Solution Sig: Three ( ML Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing for weeks. Disp:*QS ML(s* Refills:** . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution Sig: One ( NEB Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing for weeks. Disp:*QS NEB* Refills:** . Diltiazem HCl mg Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: One ( Capsule, Sustained Release PO once a day. Disp:* Capsule, Sustained Release(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Physician Discharge Diagnosis: PRIMARY: Atrial flutter SECONDARY: Adenocarcinoma of unknown primary Discharge Condition: Good, afebrile, shortness of breath at baseline Discharge Instructions: YOu were admitted to the hospital for shortness of breath. Your heart rate was elevated and you were given medications to slow it down. . You were started on steroids as we were concerned your shorntess of breath may have been related to asthma. YOu should continue to take this medication for four more days at mg. . You should follow up with your regularly scheduled appointments. . If you develop any worrisome symptoms such as shortness of breath, chest pain, fluttering in your chest, lightheadedness, please contact your doctor or return to the emergency room. Followup Instructions: , : : : , : : : , RN : : : ",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1091,21574,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: s/p VFib cardiac arrest Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: cardiac catherization hemodialysis History of Present Illness: yo man with complicated past medical history(for detailed discription see previous discharge summary, including recent MI with OCM, EF% secondary to ischemic cardiomyopathy, AF, recent GIB on anticoagulation, RF recently requiring HD who presents from Hospital s/p VF arrest. Per records Pt was at HD when he was found apneic by technician after one minute of unobserved time. Details include a negative . fluid balance and that Pt was conversant but somewhat dyspneic. Pt was coded within minutes of VFib arrest by receiving shocks. It was described that each shock brought about a return of pulse but then degenerated to asystole or VT->VF. Pt was intubated and started on a Lidocaine drip before transfer to Hospital and subsequent transfer to . Upon presentation to the CCU, Pt was intubate and sedative but responsive with VSS and in a sinus rhythm. Past Medical History: HTN CHF atrial fibrillation Acute renal failure secondary to obstructive uropathy on HD CAD s/p MI with CK of , no catherization Ischemic Cardiomyopathy with EF of % and + MR embolus s/p embolectomy Enlarged prostate with obstructive uropathy Pneumonia VRE UTI GIB with antral ulcer Social History: Tobacco occasional cigaretteETOH occasionalHas been hospitalized for the past / months just recently discharged to rehab. Family History: NC Physical Exam: vs: ., /, SIMV/PS *(with Peep and FiO % with saO % PE: Intubated, sedated but arousable opened eyes to voice, PERRL, dry MM, OP wnl neck supple, unable to appreciate JVP since supine CTAB and anteriorly at Tv Tachy-Reg, S/S, blowing murmur at RUSB Abd soft/NT/ND, hypoactive BS ext without edema, + DPs bilaterally Arouses to voice but unable to follow commands. Moving all extremities equally Pertinent Results: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD Plt Smr-NORMAL Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-.* INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD PTT-.* :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-.* INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-.* INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-.* Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD K-. :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD CK-MB-* MB Indx-. cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD ALT- AST-* LD(LDH-* CK(CPK-* AlkPhos-* TotBili-. :AM BLOOD CK(CPK-* :PM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-.* :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :AM BLOOD calTIBC-* Ferritn-* TRF-* :PM BLOOD Digoxin-.* :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO-* pH-. calHCO- BaseS- :PM BLOOD Type-ART O Flow- pO- pCO- pH-. calHCO- BaseS- Intubat-NOT INTUBA :PM BLOOD Glucose-* Lactate-. Brief Hospital Course: yo man with an extensive medical history (HTn, CHF, AF, ARF on HD, CAD s/p MI, enlarged prostate including a complicated hospital course over the past few months c/b GIB, MI, heart failure, acute renal failure, PNA and lft femeral embolization; who presents s/p VF arrest during hemodialysis. VFib arrest: Per outside records, Pt in observed VF successfully cardioverted after shocks and initiation of lidocaine gtt. Upon presentation to , Pt was intubated, stable and in sinus ryhthm. Maintained on tele with small runs of NSVT. In the AM, Pt succesfully extubated without problem. Pt remained HD stable. ECGs were without evidence of recent infarction. After cardiac catherization, Pt evaluated by EP for possibility of AICD. Given Pt's recent h/o VF and known CAD with EF<%, an AICD was placed without complication VR ICD (No DFT as pt in chronic AF]. Throughout the hospital stay Pt was in/out of AF and with episodes of NSVT, that improved daily. AF: Pt with known AF, however not anticoagulated given recent GIB from a known antral ulcer. Pt currently on Protonix qhr after being treated for known Hpylorri gastritis. Given Pt's risk for thromboemboli events given history and AF, it was decided to restart Pt on coumadin. Decision was discussed with GI fellow, who agreed with the current regimen of PPI and recommended to closely monitor stools of occult blood. During hospital stay, Pt was guiaic negative and HCt stable after an initial transfusion to get Hct >. Pt should have regular stool guiaics and if bleed suspected, Pt gastroenterologist should be contact for repeat endoscopy. CAD/CHF: Pt with known CAD and EF % secondary to ischemic cardiomyopathy, details of cath in results section. Given Pt's h/o recent MI and known CAD, Pt continued on BB, statin and ASA. Given Pt's poor renal function and possibility of recovery, ACEi was not indicated. RF: Pt with relatively new renal failure possibly secondary to obstructive uropathy. Renal consulted for help in management of hemodialysis. Pt normally recieves HD times a week and still makes decent urine output on non-HD days. Nephrology were optomistic that Pt may not be completely HD dependent and initial withu including hour urine studies started. GU: Pt with elevated PSA and known prostatic hypertrophy. Urology consulted who recommended Pt upon discharge continue with foley catheter. They would like to see him in a few weeks in outpatient clinic in regards to probable TURP. Pt has been instructed to call them at ( and make an appointment for the next few weeks. GI: Pt with h/o antral ulcer and Hpylorri gastritis, being treated with Protonix after HPylorri irradication. While on anticoagulation Pt should have stools monitored and any signs of blood loss reported to PCP. Medications on Admission: Lisinopril, Epo, Ativan, Lasix, Meclizine T, hydroxyzine TD, lansoprazole, SC heparin, ASA , Atrovent/albuterol, CaCO, Colace, Iron, Lipitor, Cardeviolol . , Digoxin qdaily Discharge Medications: . Ipratropium Bromide mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation Q-H (every to hours as needed. . Aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Carvedilol . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Multivitamin Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO Q-H (every to hours as needed. . Codeine-Guaifenesin - mg/ mL Syrup Sig: - MLs PO QH (every hours as needed. . Oxycodone HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q-H (every to hours as needed for pleurtic chest pain. . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Pantoprazole Sodium mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Warfarin Sodium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. . Bumetanide mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO QTUTHSA (TU,TH,SA. . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO T ( times a day. . Epoetin Alfa ,: One ( Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED: TO be given at dialysis. . Zemplar mcg/mL Solution Sig: mcg Intravenous to be given on dialysis days. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: & Rehab Center - Discharge Diagnosis: VF cardiac arrest CAD CHF RF prostate hypertrophy Discharge Condition: good Discharge Instructions: please make all of your follow up appointments, but in the event you are not able please reschedule. You will need to make the appointment for the urologist. please take all of your medications as prescribed. please call your PCP or go to the ED if suffering from severe chest pain, shortness of breath, firing of your AICD, inability to tolerate food, persistent nausea or vomitting, inability to speak or understand conversations, numbness or weakness of legs or arms. Followup Instructions: PFTs in month ",0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1308,45578,": : Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Fall/Confusion Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Thoracocentesis History of Present Illness: -year-old gentleman who has a past medical history of known CAD s/p CABG (LIMA-LAD; SVG-OM; SVG-PDA in , multiple prior PCI's, recent NSTEMI in thought to be demand, on plavix and ASA, Afib no longer on coumadin, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diet controlled diabetes, who presents s/p unwitnessed fall. He was admitted to the MICU day ago. Patient does not recall fall or whether there was LOC. He feel in his home from a standing position and hit his head. He was noted to have a scalp laceration that was bleeding badly on arrival to ED. He was estimated to have lost approx unit of blood and so was given one in the ED. The scalp lesion was stapled by trauma . He was hypotensive to SBP s in the ED. In total he has received PRBCS and LF over the past hours. His BP stabilizied and so a lower dose of his lasix was started this morning. CT head was negative. In addition, he was hypoxic in the ED, requiring at NRB for a short period of time. CT torson found a right sided non-diplaced rib fracture and a fairly large left sided pleural effusion which increased over the past hours. A thoracentesis was performed and removed cc of blood fluid. It was felt that the effusion was secondary to rib fractures. He reported that he had been feeling unwell all week. He was found to have a UTI; cutlure is postive for GNRs. He was initally given broad spectrum antibiotics but narrowed to ceftriaxone for UTI. He currently feels well. He denies pain, SOB, lightheadedness or dizziness. . . Review of sytems: (+ Per HPI (- Denies fever, chills, night sweats, recent weight loss or gain. Denies headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denied cough, shortness of breath. Denied chest pain or tightness, palpitations. Denied nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation or abdominal pain. No recent change in bowel or bladder habits. No dysuria. Denied arthralgias or myalgias. . Past Medical History: CAD h/o MI s/p CABG s/p PCI DM, diet controlled Afib following CABG not anticoagulated HTN hyperlipidemia Anemia OA BPH s/p TURP h/o scrotal hydrocele spinal stenosis carotid stenosis diverticulosis GERD h/o hernia repair h/o stroke h/o colon polyps labyrinthitis s/p detatched retina s/p tonsillectomy Social History: Non smoker. No EtOH. Married with adult children. He is retired. Prior to retiring he sold life insurance. Family History: noncontributory Physical Exam: Physical Exam: Vitals: Tm: . Tc: . BP: / P: R: O: % RA. LOS L positive. good UOP . over last hrs. General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress HEENT: Right scalp lac with staples in place, no oozing. Sclera anicteric, OP with Dry MM, oropharynx clear Neck: supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD Lungs: Dullness to percussion and decrease breath sounds on right LL. Dressing from . CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S + S, no murmurs, rubs, gallops Abdomen: soft, non-tender, non-distended, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, + colostomy Ext: Warm, well perfused, + pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema Neuro: CN grossly intact, MAE. sensation grossly intact. Pertinent Results: GENERAL LABS (CBC/LFT'S/CMP/COAGS . :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na-* K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na-* K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- LD(LDH- CK(CPK- AlkPhos- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD proBNP-* :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. . .. Thoracentesis Fluid Analysis . PLEURAL ANALYSIS WBC RBC Hct,Fl Polys Lymphs Monos : .* PLEURAL FLU : * * * * * PLEURAL FLU . . LESS THAN SPUN HEMATOCRIT PERFORMED DIFFERENTIAL REVIEWED BY . . PLEURAL CHEMISTRY TotProt Glucose LD(LDH Albumin : . . PLEURAL FLU . . . URINE CULTURE **FINAL REPORT ** URINE CULTURE (Final : KLEBSIELLA PNEUMONIAE. >, ORGANISMS/ML.. KLEBSIELLA PNEUMONIAE. >, ORGANISMS/ML.. SECOND MORPHOLOGY. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML | KLEBSIELLA PNEUMONIAE | | AMPICILLIN/SULBACTAM-- S S CEFAZOLIN------------- <= S <= S CEFEPIME-------------- <= S <= S CEFTAZIME----------- <= S <= S CEFTRIAXONE----------- <= S <= S CIPROFLOXACIN---------<=. S <=. S GENTAMICIN------------ <= S <= S MEROPENEM-------------<=. S <=. S NITROFURANTOIN-------- I S PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- <= S <= S TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S <= S TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- => R => R . . . EKG- Ectopic atrial rhythm and increase in rate compared to the previous tracing of . Left ventricular hypertrophy with ST-T wave change. Intraventricular conduction delay. There is scooping of the ST segments consistent with use of digitalis. Clinical correlation is suggested. TRACING . Intervals Axes Rate PR QRS QT/QTc P QRS T / . . . IMAGING . CXR CHEST, AP SEMI-UPRIGHT: Again seen is a moderate right pleural effusion, with partial redistribution along the lateral right hemithorax and lung apex, likely due to positioning. Chronic loculated effusion and pleural thickening along the left lateral hemithorax and lung base are unchanged. There is continued moderate vascular congestion and interstitial edema. Moderate cardiomegaly is present, with median sternotomy wires, mediastinal clips, and coronary bypass grafts. There is no pneumothorax. Evaluation of the right middle and lower lobes is limited by superimposed effusion. Mild retrocardiac atelectasis persists. Diffuse skeletal demineralization persists, with S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis and severe degenerative changes. Vascular calcification are seen in the upper left abdomen. Multiple punctate calcifications in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen are compatible with splenic granulomas as seen on prior CT. . . CXR COMPARISON: . . FINDINGS: Moderate right and small partially loculated left pleural effusions appear unchanged. No visible pneumothorax. Acute right rib fracture is again demonstrated. No new or progressive abnormalities. . IMPRESSION: . Stable moderate right effusion with compressive atelectsis. . Continued cardiomegaly and interstitial edema. . Chronic loculated left effusion and pleural thickening. . . . CT HEAD- FINDINGS: There is no evidence of acute hemorrhage, large acute territorial infarction, or large masses. There is evidence of periventricular white matter hypodensities, in keeping with chronic vessel ischemic changes. Hypodensity along the subcortical white matter in the right frontal lobe, appears unchanged, B:. Ventricles and sulci are prominent, stable. There is no hydrocephalus. There is no shift of midline structures. Moderate calcification in the carotid arteries, B:, bilaterally. Minimal mucosal thickening is seen in the left maxillary sinus. There is no evidence of fracture. There is device in the right globe, B:, correlate with history. . IMPRESSION: No acute intracranial process. No fracture. . . CT NECK FINDINGS: Hypodensities in the thyroid gland could be further evaluated with thyroid ultrasound in a nonurgent setting. Complete opacification of the visualized portion of the right lung apex. . No prevertebral soft tissue edema. The alignment of the cervical spine is grossly preserved. There are moderate-to-severe multilevel degenerative changes, and bones are diffusely osteopenic. With this limitation in mind, no definite fracture is seen. At level C posteriorly, there are osteophytes, impinging on thecal sac, and in a patient with mechanism of injury, these could put the patient at more risk for cord injury. Multilevel narrowing of the cervical canal due to multilevel osteophytes. There is multilevel narrowing of the neural foramina; however, appears similar compared to MRI, and incompletely evaluated. Moderate calcifications along bilateral carotid arteries; cannot exclude a high-grade stenosis. . IMPRESSION: . Diffuse osteopenia with severe multilevel degenerative changes through the cervical spine. Suboptimal evaluation of the cervical spine for fractures; however, no definite fracture is seen.Incidental hemangioma of C vertebra. . No prevertebral soft tissue edema. . Hypodensities in the thyroid gland, could be further evaluated with thyroid ultrasound in a non-emergent setting. . Complete opacification over the imaged portion of the right lung apex. . Moderate calcification at the cerotids, cannot exclude high grade stenosis. . . . CT CHEST/ABDOMEN/PELVIS CT CHEST: The airways are patent up to subsegmental level. There is a large right pleural effusion, with adjacent atelectasis. There is a small left pleural effusion with minimal atelectasis at the left lung base. There is minimal atelectasis in the lingula and left anterior lung, (A:. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There are no pathologically enlarged lymph nodes i n the mediastinum, hilum, or axilla. There are scattered prominent lymph nodes in the mediastinum, however, do not meet the CT criteria for pathologic enlargement. . CTA: There is no filling defect in the pulmonary arteries to suggest pulmonary embolus. Patient is s/p remote CABG. There are severe calcifications in the coronary arteries. There is no pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta is slightly prominent, measuring . cm in diameter. . CT ABDOMEN: The liver enhances homogeneously. There is a hypodensity in the right liver lobe, (B:, too small to be characterized. There is no evidence of liver laceration. There is no extra- or intra-hepatic biliary duct dilatation. The gallbladder appears normal. Multiple small calcifications are seen in the spleen, likely suggesting old granulomatous infection. The adrenal glands and visualized loops of small and large bowel appear within normal limits. There is no evidence of bowel obstruction. Pancreas is atrophic. There are moderate calcifications in the splenic vessels. . The kidneys enhance symmetrically and excrete contrast symmetrically with no evidence of hydronephrosis. There are bilateral hypodensities in the kidneys, too small to be characterized. Stable small hyperdense cystic lesion in the interpolar region of the left kidney. There is no perinephric stranding. No free fluid or free air in the abdomen. There are no pathologically enlarged lymph nodes in the retroperitoneum or mesentery. There are moderate calcifications in the abdominal aorta and iliac vessels. . CT PELVIS: The urinary bladder, prostate, and seminal vesicles appear within normal limits. There is a small fat-containing inguinal hernia, with a smallount of soft tissue as seen on prior, (B:. There is no free fluid in the pelvis. There is Foley catheter in the urinary bladder. . OSSEOUS STRUCTURES: There are similar fractures through the right eighth and ninth ribs, comminuted as seen on most recent CT. Nondisplaced rib fracture in the postero-superior rib on the right, unable to compare to prior since that part of the chest was not included on prior CT. Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine. . IMPRESSION: . No filling defect in the pulmonary artery to suggest pulmonary embolus. . . Large right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. . . Small left pleural effusion with minimal atelectasis at the left lung base, in the lingula, and in the left anterior lung. . . Segmental right eighth and ninth comminuted rib fractures, similar to prior. Nondisplaced rib fracture in the upper left posterior chest wall, uncertain if it is new since we do have prior CT chest to compare. . . Additional incidental findings are described in the report, unchanged. . . . Fluid analysis (pleural fluid DIAGNOSIS: Pleural fluid: NEGATIVE FOR MALIGNANT CELLS. . Brief Hospital Course: This is an -year-old gentleman with a history of CAD s/p CABG in , multiple prior PCI's, recent NSTEMI in , on plavix and ASA, Afib no longer on coumadin, HTN, HL, DM, BPH, s/p unwitnessed fall. . . s/p Fall: Unclear etiology based on history. be secondary to dehydration. Does not appear orthostatic. No vertigo. History of carotid artery stenosis and CAD, but no changes on EKG s/o cardiac etiology. Was mildly dehydrated and found to have a UTI, which may have caused confusion and falls. Patient has a history of falls. Ruled out for MI. Improved with minimal intervention. Evaluated by PT, who suggested inpatient rehabilitation. . Hypotension: Initially hypotensive in the ED, most likely secondary to blood loss, dehydration, and hypertensive medications. Resuscitated with L NS and U PRBC's to maintain blood pressures in the 's-'s. Asymptomatic in this range. BP medications initially held on the floors due to concern of recurrent hypotension/blood loss status post fall. HCT trended and stabalizaed around . Was stable throughout hospital course. Continued sotalol as well as furosemide mg po daily upon discharge. Valsartan was held because blood pressures were in the low hundreds range. FUROSEME DOSE DECREASED FROM TO MG IN HOUSE AND PT LEFT ON THIS DOSE. VALSARTAN HELD ON DISCHARGE for potential low BP in the presence of acute fall.. PRIMARY CARE DOCTOR TO DECE WHEN TO RESTART/CHANGE DOSING OF THESE MEDICATIONS. . Pleural Effusion: found to ahve significant right sided pleural effusion on admissionray. Tapped effusion, drained . L of bloody fluid. No malignant cells present. Thought to be potential hemothorax from broken rib. Possible reaccumulation seen by HD, but interventional pulmonology hesistant to tap given pt. is asymptomatic, breathing well on room air, and on continual clopidogrel administration. Will re-evaluate as an outpatient as necessary, but did not re-tap patient during hospital stay. No further intervention pursued. MR. SHOULD HAVE A FOLLOW UP CXR IN WEEKS. . Rib fracutre: found to have non-displaced rib fracture on right. Asymptomatic during stay. No further intervention pursued. . UTI: patient with GNRs in urine found to be pansensitive (except to TMP/SMX K. pneumoniae. Pt. received days worth of ceftriaxone, and will continue to receive days worth of cefpodoxime out of hospital for complicated UTI. Asymptomatic during hospital course. . Hyponatremia: Initially . Improved to s with hydration. Likely initially hypovolemic hyponatremia. Encouraged PO intake with minimalF supplementation. Ranged from - in house. Pt. discharged at . Encouraged not to drink free water but rather diluted juices. Fluid intake limited to L per day. . CAD: s/p CABG and recent NSTEMI in . Currently CP free and ruled out for MI by enzymes on this admission. Last echo in showed EF %. Held Valsartan for several days due to BP -'s. Had Sotalol held a few times due to hypotension. Continued on ASA, Plavix, and Simvastatin for entire stay. Lasix was given at mg dose, but held for days as pt appeared dry. Discharged on all original cardiac meds (ASA, Plavix, Sotalol, SImvastatin, Valsartan, Furosemide, except furosemide and valsartan given at lesser dose of mg and mg qday respectively given possible overdiuresis that caused his dehydration/fall and relatively low blood pressures. . Systolic Heart Failure: Pt. has prolonged cardiac hx as well as hx of HF flares. Recently hospitalized in with HF exacerbation. Last documeneted EF in was %. Was maintained on BB, , with diuresis PRN furosemide. Did not have issues with being fluid overloaded while in the hospital. Effusions felt to be traumatic injury rather than pulmonary congestion. Discharged on home regimen with f/u with his cardiologist within the month. Lasix was decreased to mg daily and valsartan was held due to hypotension/low normal BP. PCP'S DECISION TO CHANGE FUROSEME DOSE AND RESTART VALSARTAN. Pt encouraged to have PO intake of fluids, but to limit intake to <L / day and to weigh himself daily based on hx. of sHF. . Afib: Was initially in NSR. Not on coumadin because of history of falls. Was removed from tele nd day on the general medical floors, as he was not symptomatic/having fib waves. He was managed with sotalol and ASA mg and Plavix mg daily without issues. . BPH- history of difficulty urination, s/p TURP. Wife requested in house urology evaluation, but based on the lack of acuity of pt's symptoms, was deferred for outpatient management. Had foley in place to manage UOP, which was borderline on HD/ in the range of - cc's per day. Bolused sparingly, cc's NS once a day toward the end of hospital stay. UOP normalized, and foley removed. Pt encouraged to have PO intake of fluids, but to limit intake to <L / day and to weigh himself daily based on hx. of sHF. . Diet controlled DM: managed with qid fingersticks, SSI, and diabetic diet without issues. . Comm: (wife Code: FULL -confirmed with HCP . . . Medications on Admission: . Sotalol mg po bid . Simvastatin mg po daily . Nitroglycerin . mg SL PRN chest pain . Tamsulosin . mg po qhs . Omeprazole mg po daily . Multivitamin po daily . Furosemide mg po daily . Valsartan mg po daily . Aspirin mg po daily . Clopidogrel mg po daily . Docusate Sodium mg po bid Discharge Medications: . simvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Tablet(s . tamsulosin . mg Capsule, Sust. Release hr Sig: One ( Capsule, Sust. Release hr PO HS (at bedtime. . omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: One ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . multivitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . docusate sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . sotalol mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO B ( times a day. . cefpodoxime mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO twice a day: Please continue to take until for a total of days worth of antibiotics. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. . trazodone mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed for insomnia. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: : Traumatic Rib Fracture Pulmonary Effusion (Hemothorax Urinary Tract Infection . : Coronary Artery Disease status post coronary artery stents/angioplasty/bypass grafting History of myocardial infection Diabetes Mellitus Atrial fibrillation Hypertension hyperlipidemia hyponatremia Anemia Osteoarthritis Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Spinal stenosis Carotid stenosis Diverticulosis Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease Stroke Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Confused - sometimes. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - requires assistance or aid (walker or cane. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital after a fall in your home. Prior to the fall, you were feeling confused which may have caused you to fall. You were found to be dehydrated and also have a urinary tract infection when you came to the hospital, which may have been contributing to your feelings of confusion. You had imaging done in the emergency department, which was negative for a bleed in your brain. Images of your chest showed an old rib fracture on the right and an old collection of fluid around your right lung (most likely from your previous fall month ago. You were taken to the intensive care unit because you were having difficulty maintaining oxygenation and keeping your blood pressure up. You had the fluid around your lung drained, which was mostly blood likely from your old rib fracture. You received blood transfusions as you also had a cut on your head which bled a significantount. These interventions helped stabilize your blood pressure and oxygenation. You were transferred to the general medical service, where your UTI was treated. You remained stable for several days, and were transferred to a rehabilitation facility for further strengthing prior to going home. . . . While in the hospital, some of your medications were adjusted or even stopped briefly. The following changes have been made to your daily medications. . . STOP TAKING : Furosemide mg by mouth daily START TAKING: Furosemide mg by mouth daily . STOP TAKING: Valsartan mg by mouth daily (to be resumed by your PCP . START TAKING: Cefpodoxime mg by mouth daily (antibiotic for UTI . . Since you have a diagnosis of systolic heart failure, you should weigh yourself every morning, and if weight goes up more than lbs, as you may need to increase your fursoemide. . It has been a pleasure taking care of you ! Followup Instructions: You have an appointment with your primary care on at : PM. Address: , , : . Other Appointments . Department: CARDIAC SERVICES When: at PM With: DR. Building: SC Clinical Ctr Campus: EAST Best Parking: Garage . Department: CARDIAC SERVICES When: THURSDAY at : PM With: , Building: SC Clinical Ctr Campus: EAST Best Parking: Garage ",0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
720,12129,": : Service: Cardiothoracic CHIEF COMPLAINT: Transfer from an outside hospital for workup and treatment of endocarditis. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: An year old man with a history of cardiomyopathy and hypertension along with sick sinus syndrome status post pacemaker placement who was transferred from for management of questionable endocarditis. The patient presented to the Hospital on with complaints of ?????? weeks of persistent intermittent fevers, arthralgias, chills, anorexia, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. The patient was admitted to the hospital where blood culture two out of two came back with Methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus as did a urine culture. The patient subsequently had a culture on which at the time of admission was growing gram positive cocci in clusters consistent with Staphylococcus. The patient was initially treated with Vancomycin but was switched to Oxacillin once the sensitivities were returned. He had a transesophageal echocardiogram which revealed tricuspid vegetation and was diagnosed with endocarditis and transferred for further management. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Cardiomyopathy; . Sick sinus syndrome, status post permanent pacer; . Hypertension; . Diverticulosis; . Benign prostatic hypertrophy status post transurethral resection of prostate; . Mild peripheral neuropathy; . Status post appendectomy; . Small abdominal aortic aneurysm; . Anxiety disorder. ALLERGIES: The patient has no known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS: On transfer from Hospital . Amiodarone mg q.d. . Flonase . Prevacid mg q.d. . Multivitamin . Oxacillin gm intravenously q. hours . Tylenol q. hours prn . Phenergan . Ativan . Proscar mg q.d. . Prozac mg q.d. SOCIAL HISTORY: He lives with his wife in . Son is an Infectious Disease specialist. remote tobacco use and rare alcohol use. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination at the time of admission revealed vital signs with heartrate of , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , and oxygen saturations % on liters. Temperature was .. General, alert, ill appearing gentleman. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat, pupils were equally round and reactive to light. Extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes were dry. Oropharynx benign. Neck is supple with no lymphadenopathy. Jugulovenous pressure is at cm. Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm,/VI systolic ejection murmur at the right sternal border with radiation to the neck. Respiratory is clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds. Extremities warm, no cyanosis, clubbing or edema. Small petechiae, left third digit and left great toe. Neurological, alert and oriented times three. Cranial nerves through grossly intact, nonfocal examination. LABORATORY DATA: Laboratory data at the time of admission revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets ,. INR ., PTT .. Sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . Blood from outside hospital on , of bottles of Methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus, on , of bottles with gram positive cocci in clusters resembling Staphylococcus as a preliminary report, , of bottles pending, urine from , Methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus. HOSPITAL COURSE: Following admission the patient was seen by Infectious Disease as well as Electrophysiology. Repeat transesophageal echocardiogram was done which showed a . cm mass on the pacer wire, likely not suitable for a transcutaneous extraction following identification of this mass Cardiothoracic Surgery was consulted and the patient was evaluated for open removal of his permanent pacing wires. He was accepted by Cardiothoracic Surgery and on , he was brought to the Operating Room at which time he underwent pacer wire extraction via sternotomy. Please see the operation report for full details. The patient tolerated the surgery well and was transferred from the Operating Room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit. He did well in the immediate postoperative period. His anesthesia was reversed. He was weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated. He remained in the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit throughout postoperative day as he required Neosynephrine infusion to maintain an adequate blood pressure. Throughout postoperative day and in the morning of postoperative day the patient was weaned from his Neosynephrine infusion and on the morning of postoperative day he was transferred from the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit to Far for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation. On postoperative day the patient was noted to have a period of confusion and incoherent speech, however, his neurological examination was nonfocal in nature. Given the nature of the patient's recently cardiac surgery as well as his vegetation that was on his pacing wires the patient was brought for a head computerized axial tomography scan to rule out an embolic event. The computerized axial tomography scan was negative and the confusion was felt to be related to hospital psychosis versus infection. On chest-ray the patient had a right upper lobe infiltrate and therefore his intravenous antibiotic coverage was expanded to include not only Oxacillin but also Ceftazidime and Flagyl. On postoperative day the patient's neurological status was noted to be improved, however, at that time a new truncal rash was noted. The rash was felt to be a result of his intravenous antibiotic. Because the patient had Oxacillin sensitive Staphylococcus infection his Oxacillin was continued and his Ceftazidime and Flagyl were discontinued. The patient's rash continued to be a problem extending not only to his trunk but also to his upper extremities. Dermatology was consulted and they agreed that it was most likely a drug rash due to the Oxacillin and therefore his Oxacillin was changed to Vancomycin. For the next several days the patient continued to show slow progress and he remained afebrile and hemodynamically stable and remained on his intravenous Vancomycin and on postoperative day a PICC line was placed for longterm intravenous antibiotic use. On postoperative day it was felt that the patient was stable and ready for transfer to rehabilitation for continuing postoperative care and rehabilitation. At that time he was screened by several rehabilitation centers. It was expected that he will be ready and accepted for discharge within the next several days. At this time the patient's condition is stable. His physical examination as of this time is vital signs with temperature , heartrate sinus rhythm, blood pressure /, respiratory rate , and oxygen saturations %, on % shuttle. Weight preoperatively is . kg. At discharge is . kg. Laboratory data revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets , PT ., PTT ., INR .. Sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . Physical examination is alert and oriented times three. Moves all extremities, follows all commands. He can be confused at times but easily reoriented. Respiratory, coarse rhonchi throughout. Breathsounds diminished bilaterally at the bases, left greater than right. Strong productive cough. Cardiovascular, regular rate and rhythm, S and S. Sternum is stable. Incision with steri-strips, open to air, clean and dry. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended with normoactive bowel sounds. Extremities are warm and well perfused with to + pedal edema. He has a generalized rash to the trunk, arms and legs that is resolving. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . Status post pacemaker lead extraction . Cardiomyopathy . Sick sinus syndrome . Hypertension . Diverticulosis . Benign prostatic hypertrophy status post transurethral resection of prostate . Abdominal aortic aneurysm . Status post appendectomy . Mild peripheral neuropathy . The patient has an allergy to Oxacillin. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Colace mg b.i.d. . Amiodarone mg q.d. . Heparin units subcutaneously b.i.d. . Protonix mg q.d. . Enteric coated Aspirin q.d. . Proscar mg q.d. . Lasix mg q.d. . Potassium chloride mEq q.d. . Vancomycin gm q. hours to be continued through . Vancomycin levels need to be checked on , following pre and post levels on . Motrin mg q. hours prn . Tylenol mg q. hours prn . Percocet / one to two tablets q. hours prn FOLLOW UP: The patient is to return to for a chest computerized axial tomography scan in two weeks. He is to have follow up with the Infectious Disease Clinic to be arranged following his chest computerized axial tomography scan. He is to have follow up with electrophysiology, Dr. in six weeks and follow up with Cardiothoracic Surgery, Dr. also in six weeks, the patient's expected date of transfer to rehabilitation is . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
1671,52402,": : : Sex: F Service: CHIEF COMPLAINT: Abdominal pain, nausea, coffee ground emesis. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and multiple admissions for diabetic ketoacidosis, who presented to , with hour history of nausea and coffee ground emesis with abdominal pain. The patient is well known to the hospital for greater than admissions in diabetic ketoacidosis. Of note, the patient has a history of - tears, and had recent admission for coffee ground emesis at . In the Emergency Department, glucose was found to be greater than and she was started on cc/hour of normal saline after a bolus of one liter of normal saline. She was given units of regular insulin and then started on an insulin drip at units per hour. Normal saline lavage revealed black clots with subsequent clearing after cc normal saline. No bright red blood was visualized. Her hematocrit was noted to drop from . to . and the patient was given one unit packed red blood cells in the Emergency Department. Her blood pressure fell to / and her right subclavian triple lumen catheter was placed and Neo-Synephrine was started at mcg/minute with blood pressure responding and increasing to /. She was subsequently transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further management of diabetic ketoacidosis and cardiovascular status. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with multiple admissions for diabetic ketoacidosis and also with triopathy. . Gastroparesis. . Hypertension. . History of - tears. . Asthma-never intubated. . High cholesterol. . Cesarean section times three. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: . Lente insulin units in a.m., units in p.m. . Humalog per sliding scale. . Zestril mg p.o. q.d. . Lipitor mg p.o. q.d. . mg p.o. b.i.d. . Zantac mg p.o. b.i.d. . Flonase mcg. . Flovent two puffs b.i.d. . Reglan mg b.i.d. . Folate. . Multivitamin. . Nitroglycerin sublingual p.r.n. ALLERGIES: Pork/beef insulin; Erythromycin; Aspirin; Codeine; Compazine. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives with common law husband. She has five children. She quit tobacco one year ago. Alcohol none. Intravenous drug abuse none. FAMILY HISTORY: Diabetes mellitus, no coronary artery disease. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature ., blood pressure /, heart rate , respiratory rate , oxygen saturation % in room air. In general, a young female with flat affect in no apparent distress (condition on transfer from Medical Intensive Care Unit to floor. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat - Normocephalic and atraumatic. The pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light and accommodation, . to . bilaterally. Extraocular movements are intact. The oropharynx is clear. Mucous membranes are moist. Neck - supple, no jugular venous distention, full range of motion. Cor - regular rate and rhythm, positive systolic ejection murmur, soft, heard best at left upper sternal border with slight neck radiation. Chest - positive right subclavian triple lumen catheter. Lungs clear to auscultation throughout. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended, positive bowel sounds. Extremities no cyanosis, clubbing or edema. Dorsalis pedis pulses + bilaterally. Neurologic - on transfer from Medical Intensive Care Unit to floor, alert and oriented times three. Speech, language and attention intact though the patient with flat affect. Cranial nerves throughII are intact. Strength was throughout bilaterally. Decreased sensation to light touch distal lower extremities bilaterally. Deep tendon reflexes + bilaterally upper extremities, slight in lower extremities. Toes are downgoing. LABORATORY DATA: On admission, , sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ., glucose , anion gap . Blood gas revealed pH ., pCO , pO on % oxygen. White blood cell count . with % PMNs, hematocrit . down to . on next check, platelet count ,. Prothrombin time and partial thromboplastin time within normal limits. Urinalysis nitrite negative, greater than protein, greater than glucose, ketone, no white blood cells, red blood cells, no bacteria, less than one epithelial cell. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted through the Emergency Department at . In the Emergency Department, glucose was greater than . She was subsequently given a bolus of units of regular insulin followed by insulin drip at units insulin per hour. Normal saline lavage revealed black clots with subsequent clearing after cc normal saline. No bright red blood was visualized. Hematocrit noted to drop from . to . with subsequent transfusion of one unit of packed red blood cells in the Emergency Department. Blood pressure also noted to fall to /s, right subclavian triple lumen catheter was placed, and Neo-Synephrine was started at mcg/minute, with blood pressure response to /. She was subsequently transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further management of diabetic ketoacidosis and hemodynamic instability. In the Medical Intensive Care Unit, her anion gap which on admission was , began to normalize, as did her blood pressure. Her insulin drip was slowly weaned and subsequently discontinued on . Neo-Synephrine was discontinued and the patient returned to her baseline hypertensive status for which she received Hydralazine intravenously times two. The patient was subsequently transferred to the floor after resolution of diabetic ketoacidosis episode. On the floor, the patient did well with normalizing of blood sugar and resumption of normal anion gap. She was discharged to home with instructions to follow-up with Diabetes Center. By the time of discharge, her laboratories were the following: sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ., glucose , anion gap . White blood cell count ., hematocrit ., platelets ,. Urine and blood cultures pending. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to home with instructions to follow-up with the Diabetes Center and her primary care physician. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: . Lente insulin units q.a.m., units q.h.s. . Humalog sliding scale: if blood sugar less than no units, if blood sugar - two units, if blood sugar - three units, if blood sugar - four units. . Zestril mg p.o. q.d. . Atenolol mg p.o. q.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Diabetic ketoacidosis. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
246,4590,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Reglan / Protonix : Chief Complaint: hypotension Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: R IJ placement History of Present Illness: Mr. is a yo man with ESRD on home PD, CAD s/p MI with -vessel disease, ischemic cardiomyopathy with EF %, who presents with hypotension. Mr. reports that for the past - days he has been noting mild cough productive of white sputum. He has also noticed that his blood pressure, which is baseline systolic was systolic today. He did feel light headeded but denies loss of consciousness or neausea. He denies any respiratory distress, fevers, urinary symptoms, focal pain, abdominal pain, nausea, vomitting, or other localizing symptoms. Baseline exercise tolerance is ~ block and unchanged recently. Baseline -pillow orthopnea is also unchanged. He does endorse slight increase in chronic LE edema . In the ED, initialy VS: BP /, O % RA in triage, but first set of VS in core BP /, RR , HR , T .. He was given .L NS. CXR did not demonstrate any significant change from prior. Exam was without localizing features apart from an elevated JVP. LIJ was placed and norepinephrine started. Vancomycin g and zosyn . g were also administered as well as mg dexamethasone. Urine and blood cultures were sent. Bedside echo demonstrated global hypokinesis, thought to be similar to prior. EKG showed ST depressions in v-v and new QW in, new from prior. Labs were notable for trop elevated above baseline but no CK elevation. Cardiology was consulted. They felt that this was either demand ischmia or a missed cardiac event. They recommended Plavix and , which were given, but no heparinization unless CK became elevated. Subsequent EKGs were unchanged. VS prior to transfer (on . of norepinephrine: HR , BP /, , % L, CVP . Past Medical History: Recent septic shock: . Suspected source was left foot ulcer/cellulitis. This was treated with vanc/cipro/zosyn, and stress-dose corticosteroids. Wound swab from a LLE ulcer grew MSSA and antibiotics were changed to nafcillin day and then Unasyn. He was sent home on Keflex for a total day course of antibiotics. No other positive culture data. Recent c diff infection: , s/p days PO vanc Insulin dependent diabetes type I - complications of neuropathy, retinopathy, gastroparesis (somewhat responsive to erthromycin Renal transplant, , now on PD since - followed by Dr CAD - VD, DES to OM - Cardiac cath showed VD, no intervention was performed. - Cardiac surgery planed for surgery pending resolution of medical issues - during admission for sepsis, pt noted to have demand ischemia with CK peaking at and troponin .. Systolic CHF: ECHO showed EF % with hypokinesis of the inferior septum and lateral wall; akinesis of the posterior wall. Polycythemia PVD HTN h/o Osteomyelitis of R th metatarsal in Eosinophilic gastritis Stoke in with right hand weakness, resolved on its own Social History: no smoking, ETOH, or illicit drug use Family History: One sister has a congenital problem. Mother and another sister with bipolar disorder on lithium. Physical Exam: On arrival to MICU: Afebrile, BP / on . levophed, O % RA, HR s General: comfortable appearing man lying flat in bed in no distress, friendly and conversant : Sclera anicteric, Moon face Neck: supple, JVP to jaw Lungs: bilateral expiratory crackles / up lung fields, no wheezing or rhonchi Abdomen: soft, non-tender, distended, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, PD catheter site clean, dry, nontender Ext: cool distal extremities, faint pedal pulses. ~ cm eschar on R heal, nontender and nonerythematous, s/p L nd toe amputation, site without skin lesions, + pitting edema to mid-calf bilaterally On Discharge: BO stable off pressors. Pertinent Results: Admission labs: :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-.* RDW-.* :PM NEUTS-. LYMPHS-. MONOS-. EOS-.* BASOS-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM LACTATE-.* K+-. :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-. :AM BLOOD PTH-* CXR: Comparison is made with prior study performed six hours earlier. Cardiomegaly is grossly unchanged. Right IJ catheter tip is in the SVC. Left lower lobe retrocardiac opacities have improved consistent with improved atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. The component of mild pulmonary edema has resolved. There is persistent right lower lobe opacity consistent with aspiration or pneumonia. If any, there is a small right pleural effusion. Brief Hospital Course: year old man with VD, CHF, recent sepsis, ESRD on PD, DM, admitted with hypotension. . Hypotension: Differential includes cardiogenic vs distributive vs hypovolemic causes. Among cardiogenic causes, this may represent an acute exacerbation of his chronic CHF or a new cardiac event. He may be septic, although afebrile and without localizing signs or symptoms. CXR with possible RLL infiltrate, not impressive.. Awaiting urine. Foot does not appear infected. Regarding the possibility of hypovolemic shock, he may be over-dialyzed. He does state that he has noticed a decrease in his weight and poor PO intake. . On admission to the MICU, levophed was quickly weaned off. BP was initially s but trended down to the s. He received an additional cc ofF. . SVCO was %, arguing against heart failure. TTE was ordered to further evaluate. For the possibility of sepsis, vancomycin and piperacillin-tazobactem were started but discontinued after there was no evidence of sepsis. Blood, urine, PD fluid, sputum cultures, stool for c diff if diarrhea were ordered. Lactate was down trending. He was given stress-dose steroids. Most likely was a combination of poor systolic function, poor PO intake, and adrenal insufficiency. EKG changes: Patient has known VD and systolic dysfunction with EF % with new QW on EKG. Although troponin was elevated significantly above baseline, CK was not. This likely represented a recent cardiac event with CK now resolved and troponin trending down. Bedside echo in ED without clear evidence of new WMA. Official TTE was ordered. Per cardiology recommendations in , and Plavix were continued and no heparinization. Metoprolol and ACE were held given hypotension. . He likely also had demand ischemia in the ED related to poor perfusion pressures with shock. Cardiac enzymes were trended. . ESRD: c/b failed renal transplant, on nocturnal PD. No urgent indication for dialysis on admission, although BUN/creatinine higher than previously in OMR, likely secondary to missing HD the night prior. Renal was consulted and PD started. Sensipar, calcitriol, renagel were continued. Per renal recommendation, cyclosporin was discontinued. . Anion gap: AG , from previously. Likely secondary to renal failure and mildly elevated lactate. . Diabetes type I: He was given home dose of insulin lantus and humalog sliding scale. . Patient stated his desire to be full code. Medications on Admission: Cinacelcet mg daily Sevelamer HCl mg T W/ Clopidogrel mg Daily Prednisone mg Daily Cyclosporine mg daily Metoprolol Succinate mg SR daiyl Aspirin mg Daily Simvastatin mg Daily Calcitriol . mcg Daily Lantus u qAM ISS hydralazine mg qid Discharge Medications: . Calcitriol . mcg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO DAILY (Daily. . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Cinacalcet mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Trazodone mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed for insomnia. . Simvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Spironolactone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D unit Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Multivitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day. . Docusate Sodium mg/ mL Liquid Sig: One ( PO B ( times a day. . Oxymetazoline . % Aerosol, Spray Sig: One ( Spray Nasal ( times a day as needed for nasal congestion for days. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Sevelamer HCl mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO three times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Area VNA Discharge Diagnosis: hypotension heart failure secondary: Adrenal insufficiency End stage renal disease Diabetes type I Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent Discharge Instructions: You were seen and treated in the hospital for low blood pressure requiring admission to the medical intensive care unit in order to maintain your blood pressure to adequte levels. The most likely cause of your low blood pressure may have been due to over-dialyzing with peritoneal dialysis at home resulting in removing too much fluid. It may also have been caused by your lack of appetite for five days resulting in reduced fluid intake. Given new findings on your Echocardiogram one other possibility for your low blood pressures may have been due to a mild heart attack. During your hospital course you were started on antibiotics for presummed septic infection but these medications have been discontinued given no signs or symptoms of infection. You were also started on high dose steriods because your body could not produce these steriods on its own during a stressful event such as low blood pressure. These high dose steriods will be stopped when you leave the hospital. You will need to schedule an appointment in two weeks with your Cardiologist Dr. as well as with your primary care physician . . Your Recommended diaylsis course is below: Please start Peritoneal Dialysis with .% dextrose alternating with .% dextrose, mL volume, hour dwell and exchanges. Followup Instructions: You will need to make an appointment with DR. , , M.D. within the next two weeks. , : : : LAB : : : , ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
820,23609,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins / Hydralazine : Chief Complaint: Vomiting Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: . Intraosseous access obtained. . Right internal jugular central venous catheter placed. . Left PICC placed. . Endotracheal intubation History of Present Illness: year old male with h/o CVA and baseline non-communicative, aspiration pna, hydrocephalus s/p VP shunt who was brought in from NH by son for nausea and vomiting. Also noted to have increased yellow secretions. Per sone, his father has been pulling at his g-tube for past few days; unable to communicate though so son unclear whether it was painful. Did not know whether tube feeds have been a problem. Pt reports MS e; unchanged. On arrival to , pt non-communicative (but at baseline, Fever . HR s, SBP . CXR was done which was wnl. WBC . Lactate .. CT head was done given h/o hydrocephalus and new onset vomiting. CT was concerning for enlarged rd ventricle thus neurosurgery evaluated pt and felt unlikely to represent signficant change. CT Abd/Pelvis done which showed bibasilar opacities c/w aspiration pneumonia. Pt given Vanc/Levo/Flagyl for aspiration pna. In addition, central access was attempted; unsuccess femoral line attempts on both R/L and subclavian secondary to return of arterial blood; thus intraosseous access obtained. Also of note, during the multiple line attemps, pt became increasing tachycardic, hypotensive, vomiting with ?aspiration. NGT placed with coffee-ground return. Pt hydrated with L NS. BP remained stable however was tachycardic to s persistantly despite fluids. PIVs subsequently obtained. Of note, pt was admitted with fever,cough and intially tx for aspiration pna but subsequently found to have C.diff and Proteus UTI; d/c'd with D meropenem and D flagyl. He was then readmitted for recurrent c.diff, VRE UTI and yeast UTI and d/c'd on flagyl, fluconazole and tetracycline. Of note, all c.diff toxin cultures from were negative. Past Medical History: Alzheimer's dementia Bipolar disorder PVD DM type Hydrocephalus s/p VP shunt (son says it was placed - years ago at with no revisions, unknown cause of hydrocephalus H/o subdural hemorrhages (unknown if before or after shunt placed Hearing loss with hearing aids Cataracts Hypertension Hypercholesterolemia h/o SIADH with fluid restriction of L per day h/o aspiration PNAs s/p recent CVA ( Recent C. diff infection h/o VRE UTI Social History: Resides in NH. Used to work as an accountant, pack year smoking history, He is nonverbal at baseline with a PEG tube. He is dependent on others for ADLs. Family History: Type diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's and Bipolar Disease. Physical Exam: T: BP: / HR: R OSats % on Vent support Gen: Intubated, sedated, NG tube with some coffee-grounds. VP shunt - scalp site easily compressible HEENT: Pupils: - mm B/L Neck: Supple. Lungs: Coarse crackles B/L. Cardiac: Heart sounds are irregularly irregular, with a pansystolic murmur radiating to the axilla. Abd: PEG site clean. Foley in situ. Hypoactive bowel sounds Extrem: Cold peripheries. Neuro: Intubated and sedated, therefore could not be assessed, therefore, mental status could not be assessed. Pupils equally round and reactive to light. Pertinent Results: :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-.* CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP-* :AM Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-.* MAGNESIUM-.* :PM WBC-.* RBC-. HGB-.* HCT-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* PLTS: :PM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. WBC: . -> . HCT: . ( -> . ( -> . (, after units RBCs Lactate: . INR: . -> . -> . Imaging: CT ABDOMEN/PELVIS (: IMPRESSION: . Extensive tree-in- opacities at the lung bases are suggestive of aspiration. . Poorly defined areas of hypodensity in the left kidney are new from a prior study from and raise concern for infectious or ischemic process. . No evidence of acute bowel process. . VP shunt catheter tip in the right hemiabdomen appearing unremarkable. CT Head (: Continued evolution of blood products of left MCA territory infarction. No midline shift. Enlarged rd ventricle. Persistent dilatation of the lateral ventricles. These findings may be chronic but correlation with signs of increased cranial pressure recommended. Renal U/S (: IMPRESSION: No definite son correlates identified for bilateral renal hypodensities seen on previous CT, with no solid masses identified. The nephrographic abnormalities on recent CT are suspicious for infectious or ischemic process and their lack of visualization may relate to limitations of this study. CXR (: FINDINGS: Comparison with study of , there are lower lung volumes. There is still some right infrahilar and left suprahilar opacification consistent with aspiration. However, some of this may also reflect crowding of vessels due to poor inspiration. Right UE U/S (: IMPRESSION: No DVT in the right upper extremity. Right cephalic vein was not definitely identified. Brief Hospital Course: Aspiration pneumonia Initially febrile with leukocytosis. Patient was intubated in the ED for concerns regarding airway protection and continued vomiting. He also received Vanc/Levo/ Flagyl in the ED. Vent settings were gradually weaned and he was easily extubated on . He had sputum cultures sent, which grew MRSA and Klebsiella pneumonia. He was on aspiration precautions and treated with a regimen of vanco and ceftriaxone. However, the ceftriaxone was switched to meropenem given ESBL Klebsiella in the urine. He will complete a d course of vanco and a d course of meropenem. At time of discharge, his fevers and leukocytosis have resolved, he continues to have SpO in the upper s on room air, and his secretions have improved. Hypovolemia Labs initially suggestive of significant volume depletion with hypotension, increased calcium, BUN, hematocrit. He is unable to independently take POs, and had been vomiting. He received L NS in the ED via intraosseous line as no peripherals or central lines could be placed. Also, he was tachycardic, likely both from volume depletion and holding his antihypertensives due to hypotension. Once in the MICU, a R IJ TLC was placed. His blood pressure and heart rate normalized with volume resuscitation, and his TLC was d/c'd once PICC access was obtained with IR assistance. Hypertension Occurred a few days after his hypovolemia and hypotension were corrected. Likely due to a rebound effect from being off his home antihypertensives, especially clonidine. The hypertension resolved after these medications were resumed, albeit at lower doses and with clonidine given PO. His EKG showed stable LVH and new TWI in the anteroseptal leads. This is nonspecific, but due to the possibility of ischemia, cardiac markers were checked and were not elevated when compared to his baseline. He was also continued on his home aspirin. - Please note that he does NOT currently have a clonidine patch. This was written in the discharge medications, but can be placed at the ECF. - Also, his other antihypertensives are at lower doses - please titrate to his prior regimen as tolerated. N/V CT showed no acute abdominal pathology. LFTs WNL. Neurosurgery was consulted initially for concern of worsening ICP in a patient with a VP shunt, but felt his head CT was not suggestive of this. son felt that his mental status was at baseline. Following extubation, TFs were restarted gradually with high residuals, so he was started on reglan for presumed diabetic gastroparesis as the cause of his vomiting. There may have also been contribution by his UTI, as this has caused these symptoms in him previously. UTI. Urine growing Proteus, ESBL Klebsiella, both sensitive to meropenem. His inital ceftriaxone and bactrim were switched to meropenem mg qh and will be continued to complete a day course. His foley was d/c'd and replaced by a condom cath. Anemia Hematocrit initially . due to hemoconcentration from dehydration. It gradually trended down to a nadir of .. He received units pRBCs, and it remained stable around subsequently. No coffee grounds were noted since the ED, and his stool was guaiac negative. He was started on lansoprazole. FEN Initially had to hold TF for high residuals, but after reglan was started, we were able to advance him to a goal of ml/hr, which was well tolerated. He received units glargine qhs due to initial decreased enteral intake, but this was increased to units glargine qhs at discharge as he is at goal with TFs and having glucose levels upper s, lower s. - Please uptitrate the glargine to his prior regimen (listed as units qhs as tolerated. R UE swelling Doppler U/S performed and showed no evidence of DVT. Dispo His other chronic issues remained stable and were treated as previously. He will be discharged back to the extended care facility from which he was admitted. Medications on Admission: Heparin (Porcine , unit/mL Solution : ( units Injection T ( times a day. Chlorhexidine Gluconate . % Mouthwash : Fifteen ( ML Mucous membrane ( times a day. Clonidine . mg/ hr Patch Weekly : One ( Patch Weekly Transdermal QTHUR (every Thursday. Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Lisinopril mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Aspirin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Simvastatin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Levothyroxine mcg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Docusate Sodium mg/ mL Liquid : One Hundred ( mg PO B ( times a day. Bisacodyl mg Suppository : One ( Suppository Rectal DAILY (Daily as needed for constipation: Give if no bowel movement within the last hours. Lantus unit/mL Solution : Seventy-eight ( units Subcutaneous at bedtime. Insulin Regular Human unit/mL Solution : As directed Injection every six ( hours: Insulin sliding scale. Acetaminophen mg qh PRN Furosemide mg PO daily MVI tab daily Discharge Medications: . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. : Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily as needed. . Heparin (Porcine , unit/mL Solution : One ( Injection T ( times a day. . Aspirin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Simvastatin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule : One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day as needed. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet : Two ( Tablet PO every four ( hours as needed for fever or pain: Max g/day. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO three times a day: Hold for SBP < , HR < . . Metoclopramide mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO Q ( times a day. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution : Sixty ( units Subcutaneous at bedtime: plus sliding scale, see attached. . Albuterol Sulfate . mg / mL (. % Solution for Nebulization : One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for wheezing on exam. . Lansoprazole mg Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR : One ( Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR DAILY (Daily. . Vancomycin in Dextrose gram/ mL Piggyback : One ( Intravenous Q H (Every Hours for days: day course to finish on . . Clonidine . mg/ hr Patch Weekly : One ( Patch Weekly Transdermal Q WEDNESDAY. . Heparin Flush ( units/ml mL PRN line flush PICC, heparin dependent: Flush with mL Normal Saline followed by Heparin as above daily and PRN per lumen. . Meropenem mg Recon Soln : One ( Recon Soln Intravenous QH (every hours for days: day course to complete on . . Ondansetron mg Tablet, Rapid Dissolve : One ( Tablet, Rapid Dissolve PO every eight ( hours as needed for nausea. . Lisinopril mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO once a day: hold for SBP < . . insulin see attached sliding scale for regular insulin Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: Roscommon Discharge Diagnosis: : Aspiration pneumonia Complicated cystitis. diagnoses: Diabetes mellitus type , controlled, with complications Peripheral vascular disease Hypertension Prior cerebrovascular accident Chronic anemia Hydrocephalus with ventriculoperitoneal shunt Discharge Condition: Stable. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to with vomiting. This was likely because the tube feeds were passing through your bowels very slowly, perhaps due to diabetes. Some of the vomit entered your lungs and lead to a pneumonia. We also found a bladder infection, and treated both infections with antibiotics. Your blood pressure was initially low, which improved with fluids. It became high later, but improved when we restarted your outpatient medications. We also gave you units of blood because your red blood cell level was low. We will discharge you back to your extended care facility. Please take all medications as prescribed and go to all follow up appointments. We started another medication, reglan, to help prevent your stomach from slowing down. We also started lansoprazole due to concern about stomach irritation. If you experience any nausea, vomiting, difficulty breathing, fevers, chills, increased sputum, blood in the vomit or stool, or any other concerning symptoms, please seek medical attention or come to the emergency room immediately. Followup Instructions: Please follow up with your primary care provider at within - weeks. :",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
971,20061,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: All drug allergies previously recorded have been deleted : Chief Complaint: Altered Mental Status Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Tracheostomy PICC line History of Present Illness: F with insulin dependent diabetes having refused fingersticks lately and her daughter reportedly refusing to administer insulin went to OSH with altered mental status. She was intubated and found to have glucose > and hyperkalemia without an anion gap. She was transferred to the for further management. In our ED, she was noted to have HR , /, , %, cvp and possible pancreatitis. A left IJ was placed, an insulin drip was begun at units per hours, and mg of levaquin withF was administered. Blood and urine cultures were obtained and she was sent to the . Of note, no paperwork was delivered with patient so initial history was per OMR notes from . Later, in the , her daughter would expand on the presentation and would state that the patient had become agressive, scratching her caregivers (family and throwing diapers at them. Past Medical History: . Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction in . . Chronic atrial fibrillation. . History of CVA in with left arm paralysis . Insulin dependent diabetes with neuropathy and retinopathy. . Patient is legally blind. . Hypertension. . History of gastrointestinal bleed secondary to ulcers. . History of a scull fracture as a child. . History of chronic anemia. . History of urinary tract infection. . History of depression anxiety. . superficial femoral perineal artery bypass with nonreversible saphenous vein graft . . s/p left BKA for nonhealing heel ulcer and . Dyslipidemia. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: Significant for: . Coronary artery bypass graft at in the year . . Cataract surgery with loss of vision. . Right below the kneeputation in . Social History: The patient is a married female. She usually lives with her daughter. She does not smoke. She does not drink. She has had blood transfusions in the past. Family History: unknown Physical Exam: T . BP / with HR O % on AC PEEP TV RR overbreathing by FIO . Gen: obtunded, moaning, intubated HEENT: dry mm, eyes deviated up and to left, minimally reactive pupils Neck: supple, no bruits, left IJ in place without erythema Cor: irreg irreg, no murmurs Chest: CTAB no crackles, right nipple inverted Abd: soft NT ND decreased bowel sounds Ext: s/p bilateral BKAs, moving arms, right brachial reflex + left diminished. Skin: multiple escars, x cm over right hip, x under left pannus, x on back, x cm erosions under left breast Pertinent Results: EKG: low voltage a.fib at , left axis, poor R wave progression, TWI V-v, no ST changes. . CHEST (PORTABLE AP : AM Portable AP chest dated is compared to the prior from . The patient is intubated. The endotracheal tube terminates . cm above the carina. The heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left retrocardiac region, which could represent atelectasis and/or aspiration. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. IMPRESSION: Endotracheal tube is appropriately positioned. Left lower lung lobe patchy airspace opacity likely represents atelectasis and/or aspiration. CT HEAD WITHOUT CONTRAST CONCLUSION: Extensive areas of diminished density within the cerebral hemispheres suggesting prior infarcts. If a new infarct is suspected, MR is a more sensitive imaging modality to detect acute brain ischemia. CT SCAN ABDOMEN/PELVIS IMPRESSION: . Left parapelvic cyst, with no evidence of renal abscess or hydronephrosis. . Bilateral moderate pleural effusions with adjacent compressive atelectasis. . Large ascites, generalized anasarca. . Fluid and stranding surrounding the pancreatic head, with heterogeneous enhancement, consistent with pancreatitis; there is no evidence of complication. . Abnormal appearance of the sigmoid and distal descending colon with hausrtral edema, a non-specific finding in a setting of ascites; however, this may be seen in pseudomembranous and other colitis, and should be correlated clinically. . Mildly distended gallbladder with enhancing borderline wall thickening. This, too, is non-specific, and follow-up son should be considered, if there is clinical concern for cholecystitis. . Multiple splenic infarcts ECHO Conclusions: The left atrium is normal in size. The estimated right atrial pressure is -mmHg. There is moderate regional left ventricular systolic dysfunction with hypokinesis of the anterior septum, anterior wall, and apex (EF ~ %. The remaining segments contract well. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no mitral valve prolapse. Mild (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. IMPRESSION: Regional left ventricular dysfunction consistent with coronary artery disease. Mild mitral regurgitation. :PM TYPE-MIX TEMP-. RATES-/ TAL VOL- PEEP- O- PO-* PCO- PH-.* TOTAL CO- BASES-- INTUBATED-INTUBATED :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO-* ANION GAP- :PM ALBUMIN-.* CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-.* MAGNESIUM-.* :PM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :PM PLT COUNT- :AM TYPE-MIX TEMP-. RATES-/ TAL VOL- PEEP- PO-* PCO-* PH-.* TOTAL CO- BASES-- INTUBATED-INTUBATED :AM LACTATE-.* :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM-* POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM LD(LDH- AMYLASE-* :AM LIPASE-* :AM CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-.* MAGNESIUM-. IRON-* :AM calTIBC- FERRITIN-GREATER TH TRF-* :AM TRIGLYCER-* :AM TSH-.* :AM T-.* FREE T-.* :AM URINE HOURS-RANDOM UREA N- CREAT- SODIUM- :AM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM PLT COUNT- :AM RET AUT-. :AM URINE COLOR-Red APPEAR-Cloudy SP -. :AM URINE BLOOD-LG NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN- GLUCOSE-TR KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN-NEG PH-. LEUK-MOD :AM URINE RBC-> WBC-> BACTERIA-MANY YEAST-MANY EPI-- :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- LD(LDH- CK(CPK-* ALK PHOS- AMYLASE-* TOT BILI-. :AM LIPASE-* :AM CK-MB- :AM ALBUMIN-.* CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-. :AM OSMOLAL-* :AM ASA-NEG ETHANOL-NEG ACETMNPHN-NEG bnzodzpn-NEG barbitrt-NEG tricyclic-NEG :AM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM NEUTS-.* BANDS- LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :AM PLT SMR-NORMAL PLT COUNT- LPLT-+ :AM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM LACTATE-.* K+-. Brief Hospital Course: Ms. is a year old woman with with HHNK and pancreatitis with a hospital course complicated by respiratory failure requiring intubation now s/p tracheostomy. MICU events: : Respiratory arrest, bradycardic, hypotensive, with desat to %. Intubated at :am. Atropine given. Started on dopamine. Bronchoscopy showed secretions, no evidence of tube feed aspiration or plugs. : Asystolic arrest. recovered after one dose of epinephrine and atropine. Was intubated. No EKG changes. . Hypoxic respiratory failure: The etiology was thought to be multifactorial, with an infectious component, possibly aspiration pneumonia, as well as mucous plugging. A tracheostomy was performed at the bedside on . The patient remained ventilator dependent, transitioning from A/C to Pressure Support, until , when she had a successful trach collar trial. She was put back on CPAP during the night and again on trach collar . She had abundant secretions during her course which were treated with suction and mucomyst. She completed a day course of meropenem for aspiration pneumonia. However, because fever and hypotension persisted transiently on abx, as well as diarrhea, she has also to complete a course of Flagyl (last day , Ceftriaxone (last day and Fluconazole (last day . At the time of discharge the patient was saturating well on L/min trach collar with FiO %. She was successfully fitted for Passy-Muir valve. . Altered mental status: Initially thought to be from HHNK but she had persistently deviated eyes to left concerning for new CVA, and she has h/o CVA. Head CT showed old stroke. She also had evidence of proteus UTI. TSH was normal. Her urine grew yeast, besides proteus, and a beta glucan was positive. Her AMS was multifactorial, due to hyperglycemia, sepsis, and uremia. MS resolved and returned at baseline with aggressive antibiotic and antifungal treatment, and resolution of metabolic imbalance and ARF. . AG metabolic acidosis resolved gradually as her sugars were brought under control. Successive urine analysis showed no ketones. . HHNK: Now resolved. Initially with serum glucose > at OSH with osms > in setting of no insulin administration. Her sugars remained between and and the sliding scale was tightened and consult obtained. started her on lantus units daily, then increased to units daily on . At the time of discharge she showed good blood sugar control, ranging from - on the hours prior to discharge. . Pancreatitis: Pancreatic enzymes trended down and normalized paralleling resolution of renal failure, so this might not have been a true pancreatitis. The patient did not have epigastric pain. . UTI: She grew proteus in blood and urine, sensitive to meropenem and ceftriaxone. She completed a ten day course of meropenem and a day course of ceftriaxone, last dose on . Later she grew yeast. She also had a positive beta glucan. She was started on caspofungin and then switched to fluconazole, last dose /. . Renal failure. ARF of pre-renal etiology, low urinary output. The patient was severely dehydrated on presentation, and the renal failure resolved with fluids. All medications were renally dosed, and nephrotoxins were avoided. Her creatinine is at baseline now. . Skin breakdown/eschars over dermatomal distribution: concerning for osteomyelitis and also for zoster. She was put on zoster precautions, and briefly on vancomycin. Most of these lesions were consistent with pressure sores. Wound consult and plastics consult was obtained and, with accuzyme, air mattress, frequent position changes, optimization of nutrition, and zinc/vitamin C days (ongoing, last dose , the wounds began to heal. However, on her edema became worse and she had true anasarca, as a result of which new skin lesions started to develop. Lasix was started and her extremities were apropriately dressed to avoid moisture. The patient was negative >L in the hours prior to discharge. She requires more diuresis. This must be followed further at her rehab facility. . History of CAD: The patient had Atrial Fibrillation but no RVR. Plavix and aspirin were held initially. Aspirin was restarted early in the course and plavix was restarted on . She was felt not to be a candidate for systemic anticoagulation as this would exacerbate her poor wound healing. The question of systemic anticoagulation can be readdressed as an outpatient at a later date. The patient was initially on lopressor but this was d/ced due to bradycardia and hypotension. . Anemia: appears to be at baseline, likely anemia of chronic disease. Iron studies were not consistent with iron deficiency and hemolysis labs were not consistent with lysis. . Pain: The patient has significant pain. She became oversedated on a fentanyl patch. She was treated with morphine and tylenol PRN. She stil endorsed pain on questioning and may require uptitration of her pain medications. . Hemiparesis: the patient has L hemiparesis and bilateral BKA. A PT consult was obtained. . Thrombocytopenia: HIT negative. The most likely etiology was vancomycin as thrombocytopenia resolved once Vancomycin was stopped. . Social issues: per signout, patient has been refusing fingersticks and daughter has been refusing to administer insulin. Currently being investigated for possible neglect. This issue needs to be clarified before the patient can be made DNR/DNI. The patient stated that her health care proxy is her daughter. . Nutrition: The patient was severely malnourished at presentation. Nutrition consult was obtained early on and followed the patient until discharge. Tube feeds were aimed at maximizing protein intake, and the patient tolerated well. A Dubhoff feeding tube was placed under bronchoscopy on . Zinc and vitamin supplements were started for a course of days (last dose /. The patient was thought not to be a PEG candidate due to poor wound healing. . Prophylaxis: hep SQ, PPI. . Access: left IJ d/c on , PICC line placed . . FULL CODE. Medications on Admission: Unknown Discharge Medications: . Heparin (Porcine , unit/mL Solution : One ( Injection T ( times a day. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. : Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily as needed. . Miconazole Nitrate % Powder : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Lactulose g/ mL Syrup : Thirty ( ML PO QH (every hours as needed. . Bacitracin Zinc unit/g Ointment : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Lansoprazole mg Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR : One ( Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR DAILY (Daily. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Citalopram mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Nystatin , unit/g Cream : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Acetylcysteine % ( mg/mL Solution : - MLs Miscellaneous Q-H (every to hours as needed. . Ascorbic Acid mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day for days: Last dose . . Zinc Sulfate ( mg Capsule : One ( Capsule PO DAILY (Daily for days: Last dose . . Clopidogrel mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Cartridge : One ( Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Morphine mg/ mL Solution : - mg PO Q-H (Every to Hours as needed for pain. . Heparin Flush PICC ( units/ml ml DAILY:PRN ml NS followed by ml of Units/ml heparin ( units heparin each lumen Daily and PRN. Inspect site every shift. . Aspirin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Albuterol Sulfate . % Solution : One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Furosemide mg/mL Solution : Sixty ( mg Injection once a day as needed for For fluid overload for days: As needed for fluid overload. Patient still requires several liters diuresis at goal negative L/day. To be reassessed by a physician days. . Papain-Urea ,- unit/g-% Spray, Non-Aerosol : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution : One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet : - Tablets PO every hours as needed for Pain or fever. . Docusate Sodium mg/ mL Liquid : Two ( PO twice a day. . Insulin sliding scale Four times daily fingerstick glucose with humalog insulin correction sliding scale. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: Northeast - Discharge Diagnosis: hyperosmolar nonketotic coma hypoxic respiratory failure s/p trach proteus UTI sepsis bradycardia pancreatitis anemia thrombocytopenia multiple pressure ulcers hypoxic cardiac arrest following intubation, twice Discharge Condition: Stable, breathing comfortably on trach collar. Discharge Instructions: Please administer all medications and do trach care as indicated. . Continue trach collar: L/min, FiO % . Continue times daily blood sugar monitoring with standing insulin (glargine U at bedtime and humalog sliding scale. Followup Instructions: Please have the patient follow up with her PCP - weeks after discharge from rehab: , O. , ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,1
1353,46014,": : : Sex: M Service: CONTINUATION OF EVENTS ON HOSPITAL COURSE: After patient had tracheostomy with endotracheal tube placed patient was slowly weaned from ventilator, tolerated pressure support and , FIO of percent. Patient initially planned to have tracheostomy change on . However, patient appeared to be fatigued from being on low levels of pressure support through the long endotracheal endotracheal tube. In the morning had brief episodes of desaturation and increased CO. Patient tracheostomy postponed to . Patient's tracheostomy changed on without difficulty. Speech and swallow evaluation ordered for the morning of . Patient's hematocrit drifting down. Anemia work up started. Reticulocyte count normal on . Patient's hematocrit decreased from . to .. Patient transfused a unit of blood. Chest-ray rechecked to evaluate for possible recurrence of hemothorax from . Chest-ray showed no pleura effusion. Examination on - vital signs, maximum temperature ., temperature current ., blood pressure /, heart rate , breathing at and %. Patient's intake and outputs were / and . Patient on AC , rate of , ., PEEP of . Patient placed on the settings prior to tracheostomy change. Patient to be weaned on pressure support to eventually change to tracheostomy mask. As far as physical examination generally alert, in no acute distress. Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, bowel sounds present. Extremities no edema. Neurologic: following commands, moving all extremities, interactive. LABORATORIES FROM : CBC: ., ., . Chem-: , ., , , , ., . blood culture is negative. MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE: Heparin , units subcutaneously q , HP in the morning, at night, vitamin C mg b.i.d., zinc sulfate mg p.o. q day, lansoprazole mg q day, metoprolol mg p.o. t.i.d., Captopril mg p.o. t.i.d., Celexa mg p.o. q day, isosorbide dinitrate mg p.o. t.i.d., sotalol mg p.o. b.i.d., aspirin mg p.o. q day, bromindione tartrate .% ophthalmic drop per eye every hours, senna tabs p.o. q.n.s., Colace mg p.o. b.i.d., Levothyroxine sodium mcg p.o. q day, Simvastatin mcg p.o. q. day, Combivent nebulizer treatment q , Promote with fiber goal of cc an hour, sliding sale insulin, p.r.n. Dulcolax mg p.o. q day p.r.n. and Ativan to mg q p.r.n. anxiety, Tylenol to mg p.o. q p.r.n. temperature. Projected date of discharge: . CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE DISPOSITION: To rehabilitation. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1659,49816,": : : Sex: F Service: Transplant Surgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female with end stage renal disease secondary to diabetes Type since the age of who had undergone living related renal transplantation in . Subsequently the patient suffered a chronic rejection and required a retransplantation on . This was a living, unrelated male transplantation. Postoperative course was complicated by Klebsiella urinary tract infection and ureteral necrosis requiring ureteropyeloplasty with stent on , and required a percutaneous nephrostomy tube. Since then the patient has had several admissions due to abdominal pain. In , the patient was admitted and was found to have urine leaking from her wound. Nephrogram at the time showed extravasation of urine from the anastomosis between the transplanted kidney and the ureter. An internal/external stent was placed and the patient continued on her antibiotics. The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation hospital on , only to return to on , again complaining of abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Staff at the rehabilitation hospital noted that the patient's p.o. intake was poor due to nausea and vomiting and the patient also had several regular bowel movements, mostly soft up to four times a day. On arrival to , the patient was her usual state, uncooperative with the medical staff and complaining that she was nauseous. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: End stage renal disease, secondary to diabetes Type , Stage , status post living related renal transplantation in , complicated by chronic rejection status post a living unrelated renal transplantation on , history of postoperative complication noted as above. Initially, the patient suffered recurrent urinary tract infection with Enterobacter cloacae. In addition, the patient has a history of hypothyroidism, osteopenia, diabetic myonecrosis, a long history of depression, personality disorder, myocardiac and benzodiazepine dependence, eating disorder, diabetes-related neuropathy, nephropathy and retinopathy, neopathic bladder, gastroparesis, hypercholesterolemia, history of vaginal cancer in situ and otitis media. ALLERGIES: Sulfa, Ativan/Haldol. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Tacrolimus mg p.o. b.i.d., CellCept mg b.i.d., Ambien, Protonix, Lopressor mg b.i.d., Meropenem mg b.i.d., Synthroid, insulin sliding scale with Glargine, Reglan mg q. hours. LABORATORY DATA: Laboratory studies on admission revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets . Chemistries, sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide of , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , calcium was ., magnesium ., phosphorus ., PT ., PTT . with an INR of .. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination on admission revealed the patient is afebrile at ., heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , sating % on room air, fingerstick was . The patient was alert and oriented times three, noncooperative, thin-appearing woman. No jugulovenous distension, supple neck. Cardiovascular examination, rate and rhythm regular, S and S without murmurs. Respiratory clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen, soft, nondistended and nontender with nephrostomy tube in place. There is discomfort over the bladder noted. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's complicated history of transplanted kidney and bladder problems, Neurology was consulted before Foley catheter was placed, and nephrostomy study was planned to investigate the patient's persistent nausea and vomiting the patient underwent a barium esophagogram on . The esophagus was normal in caliber and although this was a very limited study the majority of the barium passed out of the esophagus into the stomach and proximal small bowel in ten minutes. The patient reported to the floor after this study and was given lunch, and soon thereafter the patient was found by the nursing staff to be lying on the right side in a pool of vomit and blood. The patient was unresponsive, cyanotic, gasping for air, and incontinent of stool. Vital signs at the time revealed the patient had a heart rate of with blood pressure /, breathing with her mouth with some difficulty, % on room air with a blood sugar of . Because the patient was unresponsive, the patient was emergently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit where the patient was intubated for airway production and underwent workup of her acute mental status change. The patient's Intensive Care Unit stay from went to will be summarized by systems. Central nervous system - The patient was found to be unresponsive on transfer to Intensive Care Unit. She was flaccid and her neck was stiff. Her eyes were deviated to the right side and she had upgoing toes bilaterally. The patient underwent emergent computerized tomography scan of the head without contrast which showed no evidence of acute infarct or hemorrhage, the only findings were microvascular angiopathy consistent with a history of hypertension. The patient also underwent an emergent magnetic resonance of the head and magnetic resonance angiography of the head which showed no infarct or hemorrhages. There was no evidence of mass effect, and the circle of and the major tributaries in the head showed no evidence of aneurysmal flow abnormality. The patient was suspected to have had a seizure and was empirically started on Dilantin. The patient also underwent an electroencephalogram which did not show any epileptiforms. When the patient was intubated for airway production the patient needed to be placed on Propofol for sedation. The patient underwent an lumbar puncture to rule out encephalitis and there was no evidence consistent with infectious causes of encephalitis. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head on which showed profound changes in the appearance of the brain with large areas of elevated P signal and diffusion restrictions symmetrically within the posterior temporal and occipital lobes. There were also abnormal signs of the left ischial cortex and the subtemporal white matter on the left, all demonstrating extensive enhancement. The distribution of these abnormalities all raise the possibility of Tacrolimus toxicity in this leukoencephalopathy. It should be noted that on retrospect the patient had Tacrolimus level of . the morning of . The patient was weaned off Propofol and extubated on and her neurological status was carefully observed. The patient enjoyed initial improvements, however, it was clear that the patient remained below baseline in terms of her mental status, showing impairment in higher cortical functions. The patient came out of the unit on and continued to be monitored carefully on the floor with respect to her mental status. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain on which showed a resolution of the diffusion abnormality seen on the scan from with the remaining flares. This was interpreted by Radiology to be nonsuggestive of a leukoencephalopathy but more suggestive of encephalitis or infarction. However, Tacrolimus associated toxicity does not always result in irreversible changes on the scans and it is the opinion of the transplant team that the patient suffered Tacrolimus toxicity-related leukoencephalopathy. The patient underwent repeat electroencephalogram on which showed diffuse swelling consistent with encephalopathy with cortical and subcortical involvement and there were no epileptiforms. Neurology Team had been consulted since the event on , and suggested that since there was no evidence of epilepsy, electroencephalogram as well as the clinical observation, the patient be taken off of Dilantin, however, the patient remained on Keppra on discharge as per recommendations from the Neurology Consult Team. The patient was examined by Neurology Team member on the day of discharge, complaining of decrease in vision, difficulty using call buttons and so on. The patient was found to be awake, alert and oriented to self, and to location but not oriented to date or the year. The patient had fluent speech but frequent difficulty finding words and had phonetic errors. The patient was able to follow simple commands but was unable to follow complex multi-step commands. She showed neglect of left space visually but able to name left and right hands, the patient shows extinguishment on the left side. On examination, the patient showed a left pupil which was briskly reactive, right pupil which was postoperative and nonreactive. The patient demonstrates left hemifield vision loss, left facial droop with upper motor neuron pattern and tongue in the midline. The patient shows a slight left pronator drift with mild left hemithoraces, out of proportion to the over-deconditioning. All of these findings were consistent with the findings on the magnetic resonance imaging scan. Neurology Team recommends repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan in one month. The patient had been followed by Psychiatry prior to this admission and again as the patient became alert and responsive was again followed by Psychiatry Service. As mentioned above, the patient has a long history of depression as well as personality disorder, eating disorder and dependence on medications of narcotic and benzodiazepines. The patient was re-evaluated once the patient came onto the floor. She was thought to be having delirium secondary to possible metabolic abnormalities which were consistent with hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia which she has suffered. The delirium superimposing the underlying diffuse cortical injury, manifested with the patient's becoming very anxious, having some paranoid ideations requiring one to one observation as well as Haldol. The patient improved with Haldol and is improving in her other medical conditions. The patient improved psychiatrically without any suicidal or homicidal ideations or without any apparent paranoia or delusions. On the day of discharge, the patient was re-evaluated by the psychiatry attending who found the patient to be stable for transfer to a rehabilitation hospital. Cardiovascular - The patient was hypotensive initially on admission to the Intensive Care Unit with elevated white count and fever requiring some pressor support. This was consistent with the patient's picture of sepsis and once the patient was treated appropriately, the patient was weaned off of pressors without any difficulty. Otherwise the patient did not have any cardiovascular issues. Respiratory - The patient was intubated upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit for airway protection and developed bilateral infiltrates on computerized axial tomography scans and worsening chest-rays. This was consistent with aspiration pneumonitis. The patient eventually developed Aspergillus in the sputum culture as well as Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The patient was treated appropriately and was successfully extubated on . Since her extubation, the patient did not suffer any further respiratory issues. Gastrointestinal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit after the patient was stabilized, the patient was given a post pyloric feeding tube and was started on tube feeds. This continued to support her nutritionally, however, became a problem once the patient was extubated and was awake at which time the patient started pulling out her feeding tube after several attempts at trying to keep the feeding tube. The patient was started on total parenteral nutrition and was supported with total parenteral nutrition for some time before she was weaned off. By the time of discharge, the patient had improved significantly enough that she was taking adequate p.o. intake, not requiring any parenteral nutritional support. The patient did not suffer any episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding and otherwise had intact course of stay with respect to the gastrointestinal system. Renal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, the patient was found to have decreased urine output. Eventually it was discovered that the patient was suffering from acute tubal necrosis, however, she recovered rather quickly from this episode, and did well. The patient's highest creatinine was .. The patient returned to her baseline creatinine of . by the time of discharge. Her transplanted kidney, continued on her immunosuppressive therapy, upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, she was taking Prograf mg b.i.d. and CellCept mg b.i.d. The patient was maintained on Prograf with measurement of her levels to make sure that she was not toxic. When magnetic resonance imaging scan findings suggested that this acute mental status event of , may be due to Tacrolimus toxicity, the patient was taken off of Tacrolimus and instead was started on Rapamycin. The patient initially started off with Rapamycin mg q.d. and was titrated up to her current level of mg q.d., the last Rapamycin level was . which was therapeutic on . The patient's CellCept dose was also adjusted and on discharge, the patient was taking CellCept mg p.o. q.i.d. All in all, the patient s transplanted kidney remained functioning well with creatinine of . on discharge. Prior to discharge, the patient was in mild metabolic acidosis, this is most likely due to the ketoacidosis with the patient not being able to tolerate a basal level of Glargine for some time. Prior to discharge, this acidosis was treated with Bicitra and the patient remains on cc three times a day on discharge. This will be monitored by Transplant Center Team and the course of this will be determined during her follow up visits. The patient had a history of ureteral anastomosis necrosis and leak and had a percutaneous nephrostomy on her admission to the Intensive Care Unit. On , the day after she left the Intensive Care Unit the patient tolerated capping of the percutaneous nephrostomy tubing and on , she underwent internalization of the nephroureteral stent. Since then the patient did not have any difficulty and did not have any urinary leak. She had one episode of urinary retention while on the floor and was treated with Foley catheter. On discharge, the patient tolerated a voiding trial and was able to void without any difficulty. Endocrine system - Given the patient's long history of insulin dependent diabetes, the patient was supported on insulin drip during her stay in the Intensive Care Unit and was treated with Humalog and Glargine while she was on the floor. The patient had widely fluctuating serum glucose level and there was some difficulty attaining a therapeutic level of Glargine without becoming severely hypoglycemic. For some time, the patient became hypoglycemic on even a fraction of the usual dose of Glargine that she was used to taking and required staying off of Glargine for some time. As her mental status improved and her p.o. intake improved, the patient was able to tolerate units of Glargine a day by the time of discharge and was covered with a low level of Humalog sliding scale, please see the attached Humalog sliding scale for further details. The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was treated with Synthroid. On discharge, the patient is on Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. and her TSH on discharge was ., within normal limits. Infectious disease - The patient underwent lumbar puncture after acute mental status change which did not show any evidence of infectious encephalitis. The patient was found to have Aspergillus in her sputum which correlated with worsening pulmonary status on radiologic examination. The patient also grew out Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in her sputum. The patient was treated appropriately with antibiotics and did not have any further infectious disease related issues until the end of at which time her central venous line was taken out. This line was used for total parenteral nutrition and that line grew out Methicillin-sensitive resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Prior to discharge, the patient was found to have urinary tract infection with yeast and was started on Fluconazole. Urine fungal culture was pending at the time of discharge and the patient was discharged with Fluconazole for a two week course, requiring ten additional days of treatment at the rehabilitation. The patient also complained of having some loose bowel movements prior to discharge. The patient was empirically started on Flagyl for treatment of Clostridium Difficile. However, none of her stool samples were positive for Clostridium difficile toxin. The patient is to complete a course of Flagyl for eight more days at the rehabilitation hospital. The patient is also prescribed Metamucil to put more bulk in her bowel movement. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to rehabilitation. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Fair, improving. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . End stage renal disease due to diabetes Type . . Status post living related renal transplant in and followed by chronic rejection. . Status post living unrelated renal transplant in . . Tacrolimus-related leukoencephalopathy. . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia as well as Aspergillus pneumonitis. . Ureteral anastomotic leak. . Diabetes Type with difficult glycemic control. In addition the patient has a diagnosis of hypothyroidism, hypercholesterolemia, osteoporosis, depression, chronic pain syndrome, chronic heel ulcers, personality disorder. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Miconazole nitrate powder, apply to appropriate areas four times a day. . Nystatin , units per cc, cc p.o. q.i.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. . CellCept mg one capsule p.o. q. . . Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. . Combivent - mcg for activation one to two puffs inhaled q. hours. . Keppra mg p.o. b.i.d. . Glargine units subcutaneous at dinnertime and Humalog subcutaneous per sliding scale. . Bicitra / mg per cc, cc p.o. t.i.d. . Haldol mg p.o. t.i.d. and Haldol . mg p.o. t.i.d. prn. It should be noted that Haldol is prescribed only for treatment of her delirium and is not to continue on as permanent psychiatric medication. . Flagyl mg p.o. t.i.d. for eight days. . Fluconazole mg p.o. q.d. for ten days. . Rapamycin mg p.o. q.d. until change by Transplant Center. . Metamucil one packet p.o. t.i.d. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow up with Dr. at the Transplant Center on at PM. The patient needs to have her blood drawn every Monday and Thursday for complete blood count, chem-, Rapamycin level and results faxed to the Transplant Center, fax . The patient will have follow up with Dr. from Neurology Service in approximately three weeks and is recommended to have a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain with contrast in one month. The patient is to continue on Keppra until follow up with Neurology. The patient is to continue follow up with the Psychiatry Department at the rehabilitation hospital and the patient will need a neuropsychiatric evaluation in the future, no sooner than four weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1795,53861,": : HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is an -year-old female with a history of a large cell lymphoma status post CHOP as well as Chlorambucil off therapy for several years, lymphoma complicated by hypogammaglobulinemia for which the was seen in clinic with complaints of right arm and neck swelling and was referred to the Emergency Room for evaluation. The patient had right sided porta-cath in place for several years by report which has not been flushed in several months. In the Emergency Room a neck CT with contrast was performed revealing a right subclavian thrombus extending into the SVC around the patient's porta-cath. Per yesterday. The patient's main complaint is pain and swelling. She has had some shortness of breath with vigorous movement. She has not been doing any unusual activities, simply doing her usual housework. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Carcinoma of the cecum, large cell lymphoma, zoster, gastroesophageal reflux disorder. MEDICATIONS: On admission are none by her son's report. ALLERGIES: Include Morphine which causes nausea and vomiting. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: On admission temperature ., heart rate in the 's, blood pressure /. In general she is alert, pleasant, elderly female. HEENT: She has a distended right internal jugular, + carotid pulses, no palpable cervical lymphadenopathy or subclavian lymphadenopathy. She has an enlarged right side of her face and the right lateral aspect of her neck is also enlarged. Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Heart is regular rate and rhythm, normal S and S, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Abdomen soft, nontender, non distended, no rebound, guarding, no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities, she has scattered abrasions on her left lower extremity, + chronic edema. Neurologically she is alert, speech seems fluent, cranial nerves are intact, strength / in left biceps and left triceps, +/ in right biceps and in the right triceps. Rectal is guaiac negative. EKG shows normal sinus rhythm, no ischemic ST-T changes. LABORATORY DATA: On admission, white count ., hematocrit ., platelet count ,, sodium , potassium , chloride , CO , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . Urinalysis, specific gravity ., there is small blood, no nitrites, no protein, reds, whites, occasional bacteria. Neck CT shows right porta-cath thrombus around catheter in the right subclavian vein extending into the SVC. There was good collateralization and no evidence of lymphadenopathy. Head CT showed calcified meningioma. HOSPITAL COURSE: . Superior vena cava syndrome: The patient was diagnosed with superior vena cava syndrome based on neck CT and clinical findings. She was initially started on Heparin to keep her PTT between and . The patient received directed TPA by the interventional radiology service on hospital day with no consequence. Her SVC syndrome subsequently improved, face became less swollen, neck became less swollen, her porta-cath was discontinued at that time. She has been continued on Heparin and will be transitioned to Coumadin as an outpatient. . The patient has had pleuritic chest pain during this admission. She was ruled out for pulmonary embolus by CTA on hospital day . Her pleuritic chest pain may be related to a small effusion that is present in the left lower lobe. She has a right lower lobe pulmonary nodule which has reportedly not been worked up in the past. . Meningioma which is a problem. She will require work-up for the meningioma and appropriate treatment. . Pain control: The patient received Fentanyl patch for pain control. She also received OxyContin for breakthrough pain. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Protonix mg po q d, Heparin drip per protocol, Coumadin mg po q h.s., Erythromycin ointment to eyes, Colace mg po bid, OxyContin mg po q hours, Senna two tablets po q h.s., normal saline for one liter. Patient's discharge is pending her becoming therapeutic on Coumadin. Patient will follow-up with her PCP . as an outpatient. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . SVC syndrome. . Meningioma. The patient is currently in stable condition. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1114,28510,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Ace Inhibitors : Chief Complaint: Back pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: EGD Blood transfusion History of Present Illness: year-old Portuguese-speaking female with history of chronic thoracic aneurysm s/p stent graft for type B dissection with penetrating ulcer, hypertension who presented to with back pain similar to initial presentation with TAA. SBP at OSH in s and CTA showed small dissection, resulting in transfer to . Here, CTA showed: No new abnormalities, focal dissection cm from the superior portion of the thoracic stent unchanged from . . The patient was initially admitted to CT surgery but once the graft was acknowledged to be stable she was transferred to the MICU for blood pressure management. BP controlled with labetalol and nipride gtt. NGT was placed for nausea/vomiting soon after admission showing dark maroon drainage. U transfused around midnight the night of admission following difficult T&C. GI consulted for GIB and performed EGD which showed gastritis. Patient was placed on PPI and serial hematocrits were monitored; hematocrit stable at prior to transfer. The patient's blood pressure regimen was transitioned to oral regimen of hydralazine, isosorbide, and nifedipine. . On review of systems, the patient complains of recent chills. She denies any chest pain, back pain, shortness of breath, fevers, weight loss, fatigue, headaches, dizziness, blurred vision, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dysuria, hematuria, increased urgency, diarrhea, hematochezia, melena. All other systems reviewed in detail and negative except for what has been mentioned above. Past Medical History: . Chronic thoracic aneurysm s/p stent graft for type B dissection with penetrating ulcer . Hypertension . Aortic abdominal aneursym . . cm on CTA . Left iliac aneursym . cm in diameter on CTA . Diastolic CHF (EF % by TTE in . Hypercholesterolemia . Rheumatoid arthritis . Osteoporosis . Anemia of chronic inflammation . Right lower lobe nodules, CTA showed unchanged from previous Social History: Patient is originally from . Lived previously in and approx yr ago. Retired; used to work in factories. No hx of blood transfusions. children from men, now currently married. Denies EtOH, ciggs, drug use. Family History: DM CVA History of aneurysms in sister and Physical Exam: On arrival to the MICU: Tm/c / (/// RA NAD MMM, NGT in place, no LAD CTAB Nl S/S; HSM @ LUSB and apex, I/VI diastolic murmur @ LUSB Soft, nt, nd, +BS WWP witho c/c/e . On arrival to the floor: VS: T: . HR: BP: / RR: Sat: % on RA Gen: Elderly woman breathing comfortably, in no acute distress HEENT: NCAT, PERRL, Sclera anicteric, No ulcers, oropharynx otherwise clear, throat with no erythema or exudates, no thrush, no cervical lymphadenopathy, no JVD CV: Normal S/S, RRR, +S, no tenderness to palpation of precordium, Lungs: Crackles at bases, R>L Abdomen: Soft, nontender, nondistended, normoactive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly, no ascites Ext: + peripheral edema bilaterally, no clubbing, cyanosis, no calf pain, DP pulses are palpable bilaterally Neuro: A + O , moving all extremities well Skin: Pink, warm, no rashes Pertinent Results: Labwork on admission: :PM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* :PM PLT COUNT-* :PM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :PM PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO-* ANION GAP- :PM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- LD(LDH-* CK(CPK- ALK PHOS- AMYLASE- TOT BILI-. :PM LIPASE- :PM CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. . CTA THORAX W&W/O C & RECONS There is an endovascular stent graft within the descending thoracic aorta. There is no endoleak identified. Superior to the aortic stent graft, at the level of the carina (series , image , there is a small plaque ulceration unchanged from the prior study of . It measures approximately mm. This finding is confirmed on the sagittal images as well. The small previously seen superior type endoleak is stable compared to . As mentioned on the prior report, this could represent a focal dissection or ulceration at the superior end of the stent. However this is unchanged from . IMPRESSION: . No new abnormalities. Focal dissection cm from the superior portion of the thoracic stent is unchanged from . . ECG Study Date of :: PM Sinus rhythm. First degree A-V block. Left ventricular hypertrophy with secondary ST-T wave changes. Anterolateral ST-T wave abnormalities most likely related to left ventricular hypertrophy, but cannot rule out myocardial ischemia. Compared to the previous tracing of anterolateral ST-T wave abnormalities and voltage criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy are new. Clinical correlation is suggested. . Labwork on discharge: :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap- Brief Hospital Course: year-old with chronic thoracic aortic aneurysm status post stent transferred from OSH with back pain, resolved soon after admission, but ongoing hypertension, upper GI bleed secondary to gastritis s/p two units PRBC, and acute renal failure likely contrast-induced. CTA showed stable graft. . . Thoracic aorta aneurysm: Here, her CTA showed stable appearance of her stent graft. CT surgery initially managed the patient; however, once her graft was assessed to be stable, she was transferred to the MICU for blood pressure control. The patient's blood pressure was initially controlled with labetalol and nipride gtt in MICU with goal SBP -. The patient was then transitioned to oral medications for blood pressure control. The patient's aneurysm is believed secondary to atherosclerotic disease; extensive rheumatologic and infectious work-up on previous admission was negative. The patient's blood pressure was controlled with isosorbile, nifedipine, and metoprolol prior to discharge. The patient was scheduled for repeat CTA torso scheduled in with cardiac surgery follow-up . . Acute renal failure: Baseline creatinine .. The patient's creatinine peaked at . and trended down to . prior to discharge. The acute renal failure was likely secondary to contrast administration. FeNa . consistent with pre-renal etiology, although the patient was not oliguric. The patient did not respond to fluid challenge and was liters positive for length of stay. Urine eosinophils negative. Kidneys appeared normal on CT abdomen. The patient's medications were renally dosed. The patient will follow-up with her primary care doctor for resolution. . . Nausea/vomiting/gastritis: NGT on admission following episodes of nausea/vomiting revealed dark maroon drainage. Etiology of nausea unclear but resolved soon after. The patient has history of gastritis likely secondary to rheumatoid arthritis. The patient denies any prior BRBPR, melena or prior hematemesis/coffee ground emesis. She received units PRBC on admission for drop in hematocrit. GI consulted; EGD revealed gastritis in body and fundus of the stomach. This duplicates EGD from from which also showed gastritis. The patient should schedule a follow-up endoscopy in one month. The patient was given PPI for one month until follow-up. . . Anemia: She received units PRBC on admission for drop in hematocrit secondary to gastritis as above. Hematocrit subsequently remained stable at . The patient has anemia of chronic disease per iron studies . The patient has a history of rheumatoid arthritis diagnosed last admission. The patient's folate and B were within normal limits. The patient should schedule a follow-up endoscopy in one month and continue PPI until that time. The patient should follow-up with her primary care doctor as necessary. . . Leukopenia, thrombocytopenia: The patient has long-standing leukopenia; she was seen by hematology and this is believed secondary to rheumatoid arthritis. The patient had new mild thrombocytopenia during admission, as well likely secondary to her underlying inflammatory arthritis. The patient's platelets were at nadir s and platelets improved to prior to discharge. The patient did not receive heparin on this admission. The patient does not have splenomegaly clinically or on imaging studies. The patient's leukopenia and thrombocytopenia remained stable during admission. The patient should follow-up with her primary care doctor as necessary. . . Hypertension: Previously on regimen of metoprolol mg at home. In setting of aneurysm, SBP goal -. She was initially managed with labetalol and nipride drips, but was later titrated off and started on a regimen of metoprolol, isosorbide, and nifedipine. Of note, the patient is allergic to ACE-inhibitors. The patient will follow-up with her primary care doctor. . . Urinary tract infection: Urinalysis positive for infection. Patient with chills but otherwise asymptomatic. The patient remained afebrile without leukocytosis. The patient completed a three-day course of ciprofloxacin. Urine culture was contaminated with genital flora. . . Cardiac: Age-indeterminate septal MI per OSH echocardiogram. The patient had no complaints during admission. a. Ischemia: Extensive coronary artery calcifications. Cardiac enzymes negative on admission. The patient's aspirin was initially held in the setting of gastrointestinal bleeding but restarted prior to discharge. The patient was restarted on metoprolol. The patient's LDL < off statin. b. Pump: Diastolic CHF with EF %. Euvolemic. Crackles likely secondary to RA lung disease. The patient was started on isosorbide and nifedipine for afterload reduction. c. Rhythm: No active issues. The patient was continued on metoprolol. . . Aortic abdominal aneurysm: . . cm on CTA . The patient should schedule follow-up with vascular surgery. . . Rheumatoid arthritis: No active issues. The patient likely has rheumatoid lung disease. . Code: Full Medications on Admission: ASA mg QD Lopressor mg Discharge Medications: . Aspirin EC mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO once a day. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Isosorbide Dinitrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Nifedipine mg Tablet Sustained Release Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: VNA of Southeastern Mass. Discharge Diagnosis: : . Back pain . Stable chronic thoracic aortic aneursym . Hypertensive emergency . Gastritis, likely secondary to rheumatoid . Pancytopenia, likely secondary to rheumatoid . Urinary tract infection . : . Chronic thoracic aneurysm s/p stent graft for type B dissection with penetrating ulcer . Hypertension . Aortic abdominal aneursym . . cm on CTA . Left iliac aneursym . cm in diameter on CTA . Diastolic CHF (EF % by TTE in . Hypercholesterolemia . Rheumatoid arthritis . Osteoporosis . Anemia of chronic inflammation . Right lower lobe nodules, CTA showed unchanged from previous Discharge Condition: Afebrile, vital signs stable. Discharge Instructions: You were hospitalized with back pain. This was likely secondary to uncontrolled blood pressure and your chronic thoracic aortic aneursym. There was no change to the aneursym. You need to take your blood pressure medications as prescribed to prevent future episodes. . You were diagnosed with irritation of your stomach. You should take protonix twice daily for treatment to reduce stomach acid. . You were diagnosed with a urinary tract infection. You finished a course of ciprofloxacin, an antibiotic, for treatment. . Please contact a physician if you experience fevers, chills, chest pain, shortness of breath, back pain, pain with urinating or having to go more often, or any other concerning symptoms. . Please take your medications as prescribed. - You should take coated aspirin to protect your stomach. - You should continue metoprolol mg twice daily for blood pressure. - You were started on isosorbide dintrate mg three times daily for blood pressure. - You were started on nifedipine mg daily for blood pressure. - You were started on protonix twice daily to reduce stomach acid and prevent bleeding. . Please keep your follow-up appointments as below. Followup Instructions: Follow-up with your primary care doctor, Dr. , on at :. Please call if you have any questions or concerns. Talk with her about checking your electrolytes. . You should call to make an appointment with Dr. of vascular surgery for followup of your aneurysm. This appointment should be in about months. Please call to make an appointment. . You will also need a followup endoscopy to evaluate your stomach irritation. This should be in about month. You can call to make an appointment with Dr. for this procedure. . Previously scheduled appointments: SCAN : : : , CARDIAC SURGERY LMOB A : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
60,832,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Phenergan : Chief Complaint: Hemoptysis Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Bronchoscopy History of Present Illness: Pt is a yo woman with a history of severe COPD, NSCLC s/p LUL lobectomy s/pRT, vent-dependence with tracheostomy since , status post Y-stent placement and removal in , h/o tracheal ulceration, recent admission with clogged trach and blood in trach tube, however bronchoscopy with patent airways, and pt discharged on course of Zosyn for possible Pseudomonas pneumonia (possibly sputum cx colonizer, who presented from rehab today where she was found diaphoretic, trach suctioned resulting in removal of mucous plug followed by persistent blood in trach tube. In ED no blood was noted in/around trach. Pt was febrile at F, HR s, BP /. She was mildly sob and responded to combivent. She was given Vancomycin and Azithromycin. labs pertinent for leukocytosis and Lactate .. . ROS is negative for fever , chills, cough, night sweats, abdominal pain, chest pain , hematemesis or weight loss. Past Medical History: . CHF s/p respiratory failure s/p trach. ECHO with EF > % and severe diastolic dysfunction. . COPD - O dependent. Tracheostomy in . Multiple admissions due to trachesotomy malfunctioning. Previous bronchoscopies showed posterior tracheal ulceration at the distal end of the , Tracheostomy changed to Bavona in . . NSCLC s/p LUL lobectomy , s/p chemo (Iressa/XRT, s/p ? pleurodesis . DM on insulin . Anemia, thrombocytopenia . Hx fungemia . s/p L THR . Hx of serratia sepsis / pseudomonas & acinetobacter pneumonia in . . s/p TAH . Paroxysmal afib no anticoagulation Social History: Patient living at rehab, Hospital. + Hx tobacco (uncertain duration. No EtoH, illicits. Very involved, supportive family. Family History: non-contributory Physical Exam: VS: T HR sinus BP / RR Sat % Vent: SIMV x PS PEEP GEN: Pleasant obese woman +trach port-a-cath HEENT: OP clear, MMM, PERRL, sclerae anicteric CV: nl s/s RRR PUL: Diffuse rhonchi ABD: Obese, soft, NT, ND +BS EXT: + LE edema to thighs, + LUE edema, + RUE edema. PICC in R AC. NEURO: Awake, alert. Pertinent Results: LABS: :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Neuts-* Bands- Lymphs-* Monos- Eos- Baso- Atyps- Metas-* Myelos- :AM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :AM BLOOD Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Plt Smr-NORMAL Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-. Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD cTropnT-.* proBNP-* :AM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. . IMAGING: ECHO - The left atrium is mildly dilated. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No masses or vegetations are seen on the aortic valve. Trace aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. No mass or vegetation is seen on the mitral valve. Mild (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. The tricuspid valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is moderate pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. No vegetation/mass is seen on the pulmonic valve. There is no pericardial effusion. . MICRO: BCTX - / bottles + E. Faecalis, .picillin, vancomycin, PCN BAL - Ctx + pan-sensitive Pseudomonas Urine - Ctx + Proteus: AMPICILLIN------------ => R AMPICILLIN/SULBACTAM-- I CEFAZOLIN------------- I CEFEPIME-------------- <= S CEFTAZIME----------- <= S CEFTRIAXONE----------- <= S CEFUROXIME------------ <= S CIPROFLOXACIN--------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ => R MEROPENEM-------------<=. S PIPERACILLIN---------- I PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- <= S TOBRAMYCIN------------ I TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- => R . Brief Hospital Course: A/P: year old woman with respiratory failure, tracheomalacia, CHF, presenting from rehab with concern of blood continually suctioned from trach, fever, also with hypotension. . Respiratory - Concern for mechanical problem with tub or airway obstructing lesion; bronchoscopy done showing no obstruction and friable, bleeding epithelia. Treated for presumptive PNA (initially c Zosyn and then Meropenem on service recs to account for development of possible PNA. is the last day of Meropenem; she does not need to continue this on return to rehab. Also briefly treated with tobramycin nebs and fluconazole but stopped after BAL culture grew out pansensitive Pseudomonas. Had repeat bronchoscopy prior to discharge and noted to have RML endobronchial lesion. Thought granulation tissue but pathology sent and this needs to be followed up in the next several days for possible recurrence of malignancy. . Bacteremia. + forp sensitive enterococcus; case discussed with surgery and re: removal of port. Decision made to treat through infection with week course ofpicillin. Needs to finish more days ofpicillin ( and then have surveillance cultures drawn week after finishespicillin. (TTEECHO done and negative for endocarditis. Suspect PORT as source of infection andpicllin should be given via PORT. No need for removal unless she has recurrent + blood cultures. . Hypotension: Patient has history of intermittent hypotension of unclear etiology. Treated briefly with norepinephrine drip and then found that blood pressure when measured on leg is WNL. Levophed weaned off and midodrine dose decreased with maintenance of normal blood pressures. Should have BP measured on leg. . UTI: Found to have resistant Proteus in urine. Treated with a course of meropenem for this and finished course . Urine also grew yeast and Foley catheter replaced. Medications on Admission: Fluticasone mcgI twice daily Combivent inh puffs qh Atorvastatin mg daily Spironoalactone mg Lasix mg po qhr Aranesp .mg qFri Esomeprazole mg daily Iron Sulfate mg daily Seroquel mg qhs Seroquel mg po tid Zofran mg q Aranesp NPH u sc qAM Midodrine mg po qh Paroxetine mg daily Trazadone mg prn insomnia Levothyroxine mcg qd Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: . Bacteremia . Pneumonia . Urinary Tract Infection . Chronic respiratory failure Discharge Condition: Fair Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning, if weight > lbs. Adhere to gm sodium diet . . Complete course ofpicillin as per d/c summary; more days ( . Draw surveillance blood cultures week afterpicillin course complete . Check blood pressures on thigh and wean down midodrine as tolerated . Follow up pathology from bronchoscopy of RML endobronchial lesion. . Ventilator settings: SIMV + PS /. Tidal Vital , RR , PEEP , FiO %. . > ., develops change in quality of secretions, change in urine consistency, hypoxia, chest pain, dyspnea, or other concerning symptom. Take all meds as directed. Followup Instructions: You should followup with your primary doctor in weeks. ",0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
587,8511,": : : Sex: F Service: CARDIOTHORACIC Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Pt with known severe AS who presents for AVR. She is otherwise in her baseline state of . This was found on Cardiac cath by the cardiology service earlier this month Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: pericardial AVR History of Present Illness: This is a year old woman who has known AS who presented for repair of her valve. She is otherwise in her baseline level of Past Medical History: Severe aortic stenosis: ECHO on * significant concentric LVH * mild global LV hypokinesis with EF=% * Mild ascending aorta enlargement * Calcified aortic valve dz with calculated area=.cm * suggestion of elevated LV diastolic pressure Mild COPD Hyperlipidemia s/p Hysterectomy Chronic lower back pain Social History: Smoker with a pk year habit. Social drinker. Family History: CVA in father at . Mother with CAD Physical Exam: . / %RA NAD RRR, SEM at sternal border CTA Soft, NT Pertinent Results: :AM TYPE-ART PO-* PCO- PH-. TOTAL CO- BASES- INTUBATED-INTUBATED VENT-CONTROLLED :AM GLUCOSE- NA+- K+-. :AM GLUCOSE- K+-. Brief Hospital Course: The patient was admitted to the CSRU after uneventful AVR. She was extubated oon POD and started on PO Lopressor. She tolerated this well. Her chest tubes were d/c'ed as well on POD. She was transferred to the floor on POD as well and did well with this. Her wires were d/c'ed on POD and we continued to go up on her lopressor to achive good BP and HR control. PT was consulted, and she rapidly advanced, doing a level on POD . She had good pulse and BP control on POD as well and was d/c'ed home with services on that day. Medications on Admission: Lipitor ' Combivent ASA ' Fosamax Discharge Medications: . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours for weeks. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Potassium Chloride mEq Tab Sust.Rel. Particle/Crystal Sig: One ( Tab Sust.Rel. Particle/Crystal PO QH (every hours for weeks. Disp:* Tab Sust.Rel. Particle/Crystal(s* Refills:** . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Albuterol-Ipratropium - mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation QH (every hours. Disp:* inhaler* Refills:** . Hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO every four ( hours as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . : Three ( Tablet PO twice a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin Calcium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: All Care VNA of Greater Discharge Diagnosis: AS COPD hyperlipidemia hysterectomy Discharge Condition: Good. Discharge Instructions: Shower, no baths, wash incision with mild soap and water, pat dry. Do noit use lotions, creams or powders on incision. Call with temperature more than ., redness or drainage from incision, weight gain more than pounds in one day or five in one week. Followup Instructions: Dr. weeks PCP . weeks Cardiologist - weeks :",0,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
66,846,": : : Sex: M Service: SURGERY Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: s/p fall Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: : attempted laminectomy (aborted for bleeding : C-T laminectomy, C-T fusion : C-C anterior fusion History of Present Illness: M on coumadin for a fib s/p unwitnessed fall down several flights of stairs, +LOC. He was uncertain about any precipitating symptoms & does not remember event at all. He complained of LBP & R leg pain on arrival to ED & soon thereafter developed paresthesias of the arms, as well as weakness of the right foot while in the ED. Past Medical History: A fib (on coumadin HTN COPD BPH DJD left bell palsy R hipo replacement Social History: No toxic habits Married Moved from at young age Retired cook. Family History: noncontributory Physical Exam: AVSS, GCS NCAT trachea midline, +C collar RRR CTA bilat soft obese nontender guaiac neg / strength, moving all extremities in trauma bay Pertinent Results: On arrival: INR . INJURIES: prevertebral, posterior paraspinal cervical hematomas cervical epidural hematoma, s/p cervical laminectomy C spine fractures, s/p C-C anterior fusion T spine fractures (T,, vert bodies Epidural hematoma (C-T cord compression, T-T-no compression R subclavian hematoma R retroperitoneal hematoma (psoas/iliacus (?compression of femoral nerve Hairline sacral fx Brief Hospital Course: : Admitted to TSICU following fall. : Reversal of anticoagulation & definitive repair of epidural hematomata : Transfer to floor : Cardiorespiratory arrest, reintubation & transfer back to TISCU : Removal of care & declaration of death NEURO: Lost bilat arm & RLE strength in ED secondary to explanding cervical epidural hematoma. Brought to OR by spine team (: case aborted for excessive bleeding, : laminectomy & posterior fusion, : anterior fusion. Neurologically intact until arrest, after which patient was unresponsive. Followed by neurology & ortho spine teams. CV: recurrent rapid a fib throughout ICU course, controlled with lopressor & diltiazem. followed by cards team. RESP: tolerated extubation easily following rd OR. Apneic after arrest event on . HEME: followed by hematology for continued oozing during OR interventions despite reversal of anticoagulation. : treated with zosyn for aspiration pneumonia. see culture data for microbiological . Medications on Admission: coumadin, advair, atenolol, zestril, hydroxyzine, fluoxetine Discharge Medications: n/a Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Discharge Diagnosis: prevertebral, posterior paraspinal hematomas cervical epidural hematoma, s/p cervical laminectomy C spine fractures, s/p C-C anterior fusion T spine fractures (T,, vert bodies Epidural hematoma (C-T cord compression, T-T-no compression R subclavian hematoma R retroperitoneal hematoma (psoas/iliacus (?compression of femoral nerve Hairline sacral fx respiratory arrest A fib HTN COPD aspiration pneumonia Discharge Condition: deceased Discharge Instructions: n/a Followup Instructions: n/a :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1626,52173,": : : Sex: M Service: SURGERY HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old male sent to the from Hospital when he was noted to have an increasing white count to ,, a drop in his systolic blood pressure to the s, distention of the abdomen with decreased bowel sounds. The patient was sent to the medical center for evaluation of his abdomen. At the rehabilitation hospital, the patient had been noted to be incontinent of loose watery diarrhea and was also noted to have a sore on his scrotum. The patient had been discharged to Hospital from the following an admission from to . The patient had been admitted to the for a right partial nephrectomy for a right kidney mass. Please refer to the previously dictated discharge summary for the hospital course during that admission following the surgery. In the MICU, the hospital course during that admission, was complicated by a myocardial infarction, pneumonia caused by MRSA, a failed swallow study requiring the placement of a PEG tube. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Renal cell carcinoma, status post partial nephrectomy in . . M. . Hypertension. . Neuropathy. . MRSA positive. . Prostate cancer. ADMISSION MEDICATIONS: . Lantus units. . Zocor mg per day. . Lopressor . mg b.i.d. . Zestril mg q.d. . Aspirin mg p.o. q.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. . Neurontin mg p.o. q.i.d. . Paxil mg p.o. q.d. . Ativan. . Loperamide. ALLERGIES: Penicillin. SOCIAL HISTORY: No alcohol. The patient quit smoking tobacco years ago. The patient is a former lawyer with three children. The patient is reported to have had home assistance for activities of daily living. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: On arrival, the patient had a temperature of , blood pressure /, heart rate , respiratory rate , and oxygen saturation of %. The patient appeared in no apparent distress with a flattened affect. The physical examination was notable for a tense and distended abdomen which was tender to moderate palpation throughout. The patient was noted to have an area of gangrenous skin on the dorsum of his right scrotum with bilateral scrotal erythema and edema. LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION: The patient had a white count of with % neutrophils, % lymphocytes, % monocytes, and a hematocrit of .. The patient's Chem- was notable for a potassium of , creatinine ., and a blood glucose of . His coagulation studies were normal. HOSPITAL COURSE: On arrival in the Emergency Department, the patient was evaluated by the Emergency Department as well as the General Surgery Team. A CAT scan of his abdomen revealed pancolitis without evidence of perforation. The patient had an-ray of the abdomen which revealed no free air under his diaphragm with a paucity of bowel gas, particularly distally. An ultrasound of the scrotum revealed that his right epididymis looked thickened while his left epididymis was within normal limits. The patient had a right-sided hydrocele. The patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotic coverage with vancomycin, Levaquin, and Flagyl. Blood cultures were drawn and stool was sent for testing for Clostridium difficile toxin as well as ova and parasites. While in the Emergency Department, the patient was also evaluated by the Urology Service to rule out the possibility of Fournier's gangrene. In view of the patient's clinical presentation and physical examination, he did not have the characteristic presentation of Fournier's gangrene. The patient was admitted to the MICU for further management. Over the succeeding two days the patient was evaluated by the General Surgery and Gastroenterology Services. After review of the patient's chart,-ray, and history, the Gastroenterology Service was in the view that the patient would benefit from a colonoscopy. His white cell count by had increased to . Findings on flexible sigmoidoscopy to cm revealed that the patient had numerous pseudomembranes and relatively normal intervening mucosa which were all consistent with Clostridium difficile pseudomembranous colitis. Their recommendation was that vancomycin by mouth be added to the patient's treatment regimen. This was done. On , the patient's clinical situation appeared to be worsening with his white count elevated to and with increasing abdominal distention. Following an evaluation of the patient's status, it was decided that he needed an emergent colectomy with ileostomy for fulminant Clostridium difficile colitis. The risks and the benefits of the procedure were explained to the patient and the patient agreed to proceed. Surgery was performed that night. The patient underwent a total abdominal colectomy without complication. The patient's early postoperative course was complicated by hemodynamic instability requiring massive volume resuscitation and Levophed supplementation as well as multiple ventilator changes to maintain adequate oxygenation. Over the following days while in the unit, the patient was significantly fluid overloaded. He required paracentesis, during which approximately , milliliters of peritoneal fluid was drained as well as the placement of a chest tube on . The patient was ultimately extubated on . Tube feeds were started. During the period until , the patient was slowly diuresed. He remained extubated. He was followed by the Urology Service with no worsening in his scrotal lesions. The patient's tube feeds by NG tube were advanced to goal. His ostomy began to produce stool. Of note, a small portion of the patient's incision was opened distal to the umbilicus to allow for the patient's diagnostic and therapeutic peritoneal lavage. This part of the incision is currently packed with wet-to-dry dressings. Following transfer to the floor, the patient was seen by the Speech and Swallow service and video swallow study performed on . The patient was noted to aspirate on thin liquids but tolerated thick liquids and his diet, therefore, was advanced. Discharge plan was initiated. The patient's midline abdominal incision appeared to be healing well, although as previously noted there was a small portion distal to the umbilicus which continued to be packed and dressed. It is expected that the patient will be stable and be ready for discharge on . Plans are to initiate a diet of nectar-thick liquids with ground solids. Basic aspiration precautions will be maintained. The patient will be kept bolt upright for all meals. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Stable. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Lansoprazole mg p.o. q.d. . Loperamide mg p.o. q.i.d. p.r.n. . Aspirin mg p.o. q.d. . Lisinopril mg p.o. q.d. . Simvastatin mg p.o. q.d. . Insulin by sliding scale. . Miconazole powder t.p. p.r.n. . Artificial tears p.r.n. . Albuterol nebulizer q. six p.r.n. . Ipratropium bromide q. six p.r.n. . Metoprolol . mg p.o. b.i.d. . Heparin , units subcutaneously b.i.d. . Gabapentin mg p.o. q.i.d. . Paroxetine mg p.o. q.d. . NPH insulin units at breakfast and dinner. FOLLOW-UP: The patient is to follow-up with Dr. following discharge. The patient is also to follow-up with his cardiologist as well as his primary care physician for coordination of further care. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Fulminant Clostridium difficile colitis. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1213,44092,": : : Sex: F Service: SURGERY Allergies: Penicillins / Linezolid : Chief Complaint: Fevers and increased WBC Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Interventional Radiology placed PICC line History of Present Illness: year old female with two-day vascular surgery ~ /. Has bovine aortic arch and innominate artery aneurysm. Had bypasses to all of his great vessels and then covered stent to aorta ( anatomy unclear. Was dc'd to rehab and then represented to with resp distress and infection (multiple possible sources. Past Medical History: -- DM -- chronic foot ulcers/PVD -- HTN -- OA -- obesity -- asthma -- leg pain/neuropathy -- depression -- anemia -- h/o MRSA bacteremia , also septic arthritis treated at . Right thalamic hemorrhage resulting in a gait disorder and incontinence of urine, followed by Dr. . Old CVAs. Neuropathy, peripheral. Anxiety and panic disorder. Status post total abdominal hysterectomy. Hypercholesterolemia. Social History: The patient lives with her daughter and her three kids since being d/c'ed from a nursing home last . Has seven children, many grandchildren. Smokes to pack per day. Family History: Brother died of an MI in his 's, she denies diabetes mellitus in the family. Cancer in parents (mother died in s, father in s, at least two siblings, but unsure what kind. Physical Exam: Obese AA woman laying in bed, appears to be acutely ill and older than staged age. cta rrr abd benign palp fems, dopp L DP only, dopp R DP/PT Nuero Comprehension seems intact. Able to do months/days forwards but not backwards. Registration intact but recall / in min and with prompt. Speech is extremely slowed but coherent. Minimal output. Mood is OK. Affect is flat Pertinent Results: ON ADMISSION: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-.* :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD CK(CPK-* :PM BLOOD CK-MB- :PM BLOOD Mg-. :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO-* pH-. calTCO-* BaseS-- :PM BLOOD Lactate-. :PM BLOOD Glucose- Lactate-. :PM BLOOD O Sat- :PM BLOOD freeCa-.* . ON DISCHARGE: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. : BLOOD CULTURE STAPH AUREUS COAG +. FINAL SENSITIVITIES. STAPHYLOCOCCUS, COAGULASE NEGATIVE. ISOLATED FROM ONE SET ONLY. STAPH AUREUS COAG + | CLINDAMYCIN----------- => R DAPTOMYCIN------------ S ERYTHROMYCIN---------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ <=. S LEVOFLOXACIN---------- => R OXACILLIN------------- => R PENICILLIN------------ =>. R RIFAMPIN-------------- <=. S TETRACYCLINE---------- <= S TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- S VANCOMYCIN------------ <= S : BLOOD CULTURE Source: Line-picc. ENTEROCOCCUS FAECIUM. FINAL SENSITIVITIES. ENTEROCOCCUS FAECIUM | AMPICILLIN------------ => R LINEZOL------------- S PENICILLIN------------ => R TETRACYCLINE---------- <= S VANCOMYCIN------------ => R : URINE Site: CATHETER PROTEUS MIRABILIS. ,-, ORGANISMS/ML.. PROTEUS MIRABILIS | AMPICILLIN------------ => R AMPICILLIN/SULBACTAM-- I CEFAZOLIN------------- <= S CEFEPIME-------------- <= S CEFTAZIME----------- <= S CEFTRIAXONE----------- <= S CEFUROXIME------------ S CIPROFLOXACIN--------- . S GENTAMICIN------------ <= S MEROPENEM-------------<=. S PIPERACILLIN---------- S PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- <= S TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- <= S Brief Hospital Course: Started on broad spectrum AB on admission Pan CX'd On first hospital night had resp distress followed PEA arrest after meds given for intubation. transferd to the SICU. Got min cpr, epi which led to af with rvr, and then dccv for AF. Echo (reviewed with showed large anterior mi with aneurysmal apex. EKG also suggests anterior event in past month (prwp. Suspect that she decompensated from cariopulmonary perspective because of this infection and presented for care. Cardiology consult / consult obtained Pt delined / Cx's taken / Pt delined / blood, urine, surgical site, cxr Bronchoscopy performed Swnaz ganz placed orignal PICC pos for staph coag pos. proteus UTI epi weaned / extubate / transfer toCU adjusts AB PT consult / OT consult heparin started per cardiology for ACAS / DVT upper extremity, possible catherizationn discusse. Coumadin on hold. Psych consult / depression. cipro dc for UTI vanco stopped / daptomycin started pt with days negative blood cx's / PICC replaced foley DC'd Cardiolgy decides against catherization / to be arranged at alter date Id makes final recommendations Pt stable for DC Medications on Admission: vicodin , lipitor , lopressor , aricept ', celexa ', plavix ' Discharge Medications: . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Citalopram mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Sig: Four ( Puff Inhalation QH (every hours. . Albuterol Sulfate . % (. mg/mL Solution Sig: One ( INH Inhalation QH (every hours. . Beclomethasone Dipropionate mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: One ( INH Inhalation ( times a day. . Aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO Q-H (every to hours as needed for pain. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . : . Tablet PO B ( times a day: Hold for SBP < or HR < . . Daptomycin mg Recon Soln Sig: One ( Recon Soln Intravenous QH (every hours for weeks: from / may DC Follow labs as on Pg . . Insulin Sliding Scale Fingerstick QH Insulin SC Sliding Scale Regular Glucose Insulin Dose - mg/dL p D - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units - mg/dL Units > mg/dL Notify M.D. . Enoxaparin mg/. mL Syringe Sig: One ( Subcutaneous QH (every hours for days: DC when INR is greater then / Keep INR . . Coumadin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO at bedtime: INR goal is . Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: & Rehab Center - Discharge Diagnosis: : Wound infection PEA arrest after MI VRE, MRSA : HTN, PVD, depression, urinary incontinence, DM, anemia(iron def, CRI (.-., vascular dementia, Discharge Condition: Stable Discharge Instructions: WOUND CARE: PLEASE CALL US IMMEDIATELY FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROBLEMS: Redness in or drainage from your wound(s. New pain, numbness or discoloration of your lower or upper extremities (notably on the side of the incision. Watch for signs and symptoms of infection. These are: a fever greater than degrees, chills, increased redness, or pus draining from the incision site. If you experience any of these or bleeding at the incision site, CALL THE DOCTOR. Followup Instructions: Scheduled Appointments : CAT SCAN : : : Please follow with Dr her office number is . You have an appointment at hrs. Appointments to be made: Please followup with Dr at . This appointment should be in weeks. Call Dr office, you should see him in weeks. he can be reached at, : . :",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1
1157,32254,": : : Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: CC: Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: craniotomy for tumor resection History of Present Illness: HPI: Pt. is a year old with a history of hypercholesterolemia who presents for further work up of gait ataxia and mass seen on Head CT. He reports that he has been seeing his doctor that have been attributed to depression since . He noted trouble concentrating at work, making wrong turns when driving home from work and getting lost, forgetting to turn off the lights or turn off the TV at home, and problems with his penmanship, with small, illegible handwriting. He's felt sad, and he feels that his speech is flat with no intonation. He was started on Celexa for these on , but feels that this has made no impact. Then starting yesterday he started feeling unsteady on his feet. When he bent forwards to tie his shoes he'd list to the left and would have to catch himself from falling. He's not actually fallen. He feels that his left calf is stiff and sore, but not actually weak that he's noticed. He had a constant, non-throbbing bifrontal headache at today, but has not been bothered by headaches prior to that. He's not had any nausea or vomiting. He presented to his PCP because of the gait unsteadiness today, and was referred to the ED in . There a Head CT was performed and showed a .x. complex mass in R parietal area with contrast enhancement and central necrosis, and additional R frontal mass with surrounding edema, and minimal midline shift. He received Dilantin g load, and was transferred here. He received mg Decadron here at :. Past Medical History: PMHx: Hypercholesterolemia Significant rise in PSA Social History: SH: Financial consultant (took a leave of absence in the end of trouble driving, lives with wife and y/o daughter, one daughter in college, grown children live in the area, no tobacco, occ wine with dinner Family History: FH: Brother with DVT, no FH of stroke, seizure, CAD, or cancer Physical Exam: PHYSICAL EXAM: T: BP: / HR: R: OSats: % RA Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: ,bilat EOMs: intact, no nystagmus Neck: Supple. Lungs: CTA bilaterally. Cardiac: RRR. S/S. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Neuro: Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, normal affect, delayed processing. Orientation: Oriented to person, place, and date. Recall: words at minutes. Language: Speech delayed, conversant with good comprehension and repetition. Naming intact. No dysarthria or paraphasic errors. Cranial Nerves: I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, to mm bilaterally. Visual fields are full to confrontation. III,,: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without nystagmus. V,I: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX,: Palatal elevation symmetrical. : Sternocleidomastoid and trapezius normal bilaterally. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: Normal bulk bilaterally. Tone normal. No observed myoclonus or tremor +Left pronator drift Tri WF WE FE FF IP H Q DF PF TE TF R L + + + + + + - - Sensation: Intact to light toucH Reflexes: + and symmetric throughout. Toes downgoing bilaterally Coordination: normal on finger-nose-finger on Right, decreased ability on Left Pertinent Results: Labs: WBC . Hgb . Plt Hct . N:. L:. M:. E:. Bas:. PT: . PTT: . INR: . CT: Pending OSH CT: .x. complex mass in R parietal area with contrast enhancement and central necrosis, and additional smaller R frontal mass, and minimal midline shift POSTOP MRI MR HEAD W & W/O CONTRAST : AM Reason: follow up on postop residual brain tumor. pls do before midn Contrast: MAGNEVIST MEDICAL CONDITION: year old man with craniotomy for tumor resection REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: follow up on postop residual brain tumor. pls do before midnight CONTRAINDICATIONS for CONTRAST: None. EXAM: MRI of the brain. CLINICAL INFORMATION: Patient status post surgery for post-operative evaluation. TECHNIQUE: T sagittal and axial and FLAIR T susceptibility and diffusion axial images of the brain were acquired before gadolinium. T sagittal, axial and coronal images were obtained following gadolinium. Comparison was made with the previous MRI examinations of and . FINDINGS: Since the previous MRI examination the patient has undergone craniotomy in the right frontal region for right frontal lobe enhancing mass lesions. There are blood products seen near the convexity along the midline with foci of air consistent with recent surgery. Some residual enhancement is identified on the anterior aspect and also the posterolateral aspect of the mass. The other enhancing mass lesion seen more laterally is again visualized unchanged. There is no significant change in the brain edema identified. There is continued mass effect on the right lateral ventricle identified without significant midline shift. There is no hydrocephalus. Pneumocephalus is identified in the frontal region. IMPRESSION: Status post resection of frontal mass. Residual enhancement is seen anteriorly and posterolateral aspect of the mass with blood products in the region of resection. Pneumocephalus is identified. No acute infarct is seen. Previously noted smaller enhancing mass laterally in the right frontal lobe is again identified unchanged. **************** postop head CT CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST : AM CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST Reason: r/o inc MLS / Mass effect MEDICAL CONDITION: year old man with s/p crani for tumor resection REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION: r/o inc MLS / Mass effect CONTRAINDICATIONS for CONTRAST: None. INDICATION: -year-old man with status post crani for tumor resection. Rule out increased midline shift/mass effect. COMPARISONS: CT. CT HEAD WITHOUT CONTRAST: Patient is status post right frontal craniotomy for tumor resection. There is interval decrease in pneumocephalus. There is no new intracranial hemorrhage. No midline shift. No evidence of major vascular territorial infarct. Size of ventricles and cisterns is stable. IMPRESSION: Status post right frontal craniotomy with stable expected post- surgical changes. **************** Brain tissue pathology . Brain, right frontal, biopsy (including intraoperative frozen section and smear: High grade glial neoplasm. . Brain, deep right frontal, biopsy (including frozen section and smear: High grade glial neoplasm. . Brain, right frontal deep, resection: Glioblastoma (WHO grade. Brief Hospital Course: Mr was admitted to neurosurgery service on with diagnosis of brain mass. Upon admission, he was oriented , but with delayed speech; he has mild left-sided weakness. He underwent craniotomy for tumor resection on . No intra- or postop complications are encountered. He was observed in surgical ICU postop. Postop CT showed slight bleeding; postop MRI showed residual brain tumor. He was transferred out of ICU to regular floor on POD. Neurologically he remained stable with mild left-sided weakness postoperatively. He is able tobulate with assistance; his diet is advanced. He has bladder incontinence. PT/OT are consulted and he was recommended to be discharged to rehab facility. Neuro-oncology is consulted and outpatient followup is recommended and scheduled. Upon discharge, neurologically he is oriented times , following commands; mild left-sided weakness (UE/LE, motor to -/; motor with RUE/RLE. His brain tumor pathology reported Glioblastoma (WHO grade. Medications on Admission: Medications prior to admission: Aspirin mg QD Celexa mg QD- started Crestor mg QD Discharge Medications: . Rosuvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Famotidine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Hexavitamin Tablet Sig: Five ( ML PO DAILY (Daily. . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg/ mL Solution Sig: - MLs PO QH (every hours as needed. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. . Docusate Sodium mg/ mL Liquid Sig: One ( PO B ( times a day. . Acetaminophen mg/ mL Solution Sig: One ( PO QH (every hours as needed. . Insulin Regular Human unit/mL Solution Sig: One ( Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED. . Heparin (Porcine ,: One ( Injection T ( times a day. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Levetiracetam mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: brain mass Discharge Condition: neurologically stable Discharge Instructions: DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS FOR CRANIOTOMY/HEAD INJURY ?????? Have a family member check your incision daily for signs of infection ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, excessive bending ?????? You may wash your hair only after staples have been removed ?????? You may shower before this time with assistance and use of a shower cap ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber as pain medicine (narcotics can cause constipation ?????? Unless directed by your doctor, do not take any anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, aspirin, Advil, Ibuprofen etc. ?????? If you have been prescribed an anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed and follow up with laboratory blood drawing as ordered ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at your post-operative office visit CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing or not relieved by pain medication ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, tenderness, drainage ?????? Fever greater than or equal to ?????? F Followup Instructions: Follow-up with Dr. at for radiation planning. Cancer Center, ORNAC, , Building Please call to make an appointment. Make sure you bring a CD of your CT images, the CT report and your final pathology report when you see Dr. . PLEASE CALL TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT WITH DR. TO BE SEEN NEXT TUESDAY in clinic. You will have your staples removed at that time. PLEASE FOLLOW UP WITH NEURO-ONCOLOGIST DR , MD ON : : (:. PLEASE CALL FOR OFFICE LOCATION. :",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1149,26067,": : : Sex: F Service: SURGERY Allergies: Meperidine / Iodine : Chief Complaint: bright red blood per rectum Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Exploratory Laparotomy/Lysis of adhesions, and right hemicolectomy. History of Present Illness: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Ms. is a year-old female with a history of CAD status post MI in , status post stents (last on currently on ASA and Plavix, atrial fibrillation no longer on Coumadin given a history of life-threatening lower GI bleed in (at which time Coumadin was discontinued and Plavix was initiated, also with CHF and PVD, who presents from home with a -day history of dark stools. Of note, she was admitted to in with a lower GI bleed while on Coumadin and ASA. At that time, endoscopy was remarkable for EGD with mild gastritis (negative H. pylori, and C-scope with multiple diverticula and polyps, with a blood clot seen at the hepatic flexure with diverticula and polyps underneath without active bleeding. A tagged RBC scan was positive for tracer uptake at the hepatic flexure, but an angiogram was negative, and an intervention was not performed. ASA and Plavix were subsequently restarted. * She now reports that she started having marroon-colored stools at night before admission. She subsequently had other BMs with marroon-colored stools and bright red blood mixed in. She notes that she feels the urge to move her bowels, and does not have bleeding in between. She had transient abdominal discomfort in the LLQ, which lasted minutes and spontaneously resolved. She is currently pain free. She reports mild shortness of breath, without chest pain. She had transient lightheadedness last night, now improved. No recent fever or chills, no other complaints. * In ED, T ., HR , BP /, RR , Sat % on RA. DRE per ED notes with melena and bright red blood. She declined an NG lavage. She was given Protonix mg. She remained hemodynamically stable while in the ED, and was admitted to R. There, she had other bloody BMs. Orthostatic vitals showed a mild increase in HR (currently on BB. Past Medical History: --LGIB: Admitted to with massive LGIB while on coumadin and plavix after NSTEMI and A.fib. s/p > units pRBCs during this admission. s/p multiple colonoscopies, bleeding scans -->diverticular bleed, localized bleed to hepatic flexture, unable to perform intervention. Now stable. Off coumadin due to lifethreatening LGIB. --MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION NSTEMI with peak CK and Trop ., s/p coronary catheterization on received drug-eluting stents to LCx and D. --ATRIAL FIBRILLATION Developed PAF during admission for NSTEMI converted to sinus rhythm with beta blocker, anticoagulated with coumadin s/p massive LGIB. Now off coumadin. --ANEMIA Hemolytic Anemia - unclear etiology after extensive inpatient withup. Initially thought to be delayed transfusio reaction given + units transfused LGIB. Blood bank withup however negative. Heme consult placed, negative for GPD deficiency, other causes. Currently stable. --FIBROMYALGIA Longstanding history - takes Percocet ./ tabs per month --HYPERTENSION H/o hypertensive crisis - admitted with hypertensive crisis and pulmonary edema. Renal U/S negative for obstruction . Followed by renal. Currently under better control - some degree of permissive hypertension given elevated creatinine. --BREAST CANCER s/p R mastectomy ~ years ago --CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE EF -% + TR or + MR, e/a . --PERIPHERAL VASCULAR DISEASE s/p bifem bypass --? PATENT FORAMEN OVALE: conflicting echo readings --h/o ENDOCARDITIS h/o questionable step viridans endocarditis --h/o RIGHT ATRIAL LESION (THROMBUS VS. VEGETATION seen on ECHO and . Not present and not present on TEE intraoperatively Social History: h/o tobacco, quit years ago, minimal etoh, no illicits; lives alone, no close family or friends, has a daughter who lives in Family History: heart disease of unclear etiology Physical Exam: T . P BP / R SaO GEN: In NAD, pleasant African-american female. HEENT: Anicteric, MMM. NECK: JVP not elevated. RESP: CTAB, without adventitious sounds. CVS: RRR. Normal S, S. No S, S. No murmur appreciated. GI: BS NA. Abdomen soft, mild RUQ tenderness without rebound or guarding. DRE: Bright red blood, no stool. EXT: Warm, without edema. Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- AlkPhos- TotBili-. :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. :AM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. : SWAB Site: ABDOMEN Source: abdomem. GRAM STAIN (Final : + (- per X FIELD: POLYMORPHONUCLEAR LEUKOCYTES. + (- per X FIELD: GRAM NEGATIVE ROD(S. WOUND CULTURE (Final : Due to mixed bacterial types ( >= colony types an abbreviated workup is performed appropriate to the isolates recovered from the site (including a screen for Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus and beta streptococcus. GRAM NEGATIVE ROD . MODERATE GROWTH. GRAM NEGATIVE ROD . SPARSE GROWTH. ENTEROCOCCUS SP.. SPARSE GROWTH. GRAM NEGATIVE ROD . RARE GROWTH. PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA. SPARSE GROWTH. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA | CEFEPIME-------------- <= S CEFTAZIME----------- <= S CIPROFLOXACIN--------- I GENTAMICIN------------ <= S IMIPENEM-------------- I MEROPENEM------------- S PIPERACILLIN---------- <= S PIPERACILLIN/TAZO----- <= S TOBRAMYCIN------------ <= S ANAEROBIC CULTURE (Preliminary: ANAEROBIC GRAM NEGATIVE ROD(S. BETA LACTAMASE POSITIVE. FURTHER ENTIFICATION TO FOLLOW. : URINE **FINAL REPORT ** URINE CULTURE (Final : MIXED BACTERIAL FLORA ( >= COLONY TYPES, CONSISTENT WITH SKIN AND/OR GENITAL CONTAMINATION. : STOOL CONSISTENCY: WATERY Source: Stool. **FINAL REPORT ** CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE TOXIN ASSAY (Final : FECES NEGATIVE FOR C. DIFFICILE TOXIN BY EIA. Reference Range: Negative. Brief Hospital Course: Pt was admitted to the for close monitoring given concern for her brisk LGI bleed. She remained hemodynamically stable with slight decreases in her hematocrit. She underwent a tagged RBC scan which was not revealing in terms of her bleeding source. She was transfused to maintain her hct > given her h/o CAD. Unfortunately, due to her recent stent placement, her ASA and Plavix had to be continued. GI was consulted who recommended transfusions as needed, and prep for c-scope. Her c-scope was finally performed on which did not show any active bleeding, but with diffuse diverticulosis throughout her entire colon, and multiple polyps. It was thought that likely one of her diverticula bled, but it was unclear exactly in what location. Gen had been consulted to assist with possible surgical intervention, but given lack of localization, it was felt that short of performing a total colectomy, it would be prudent to wait for the next bleeding episode to decide on which portion of the colon to remove. Pt remained hemodynamically stable with stable hematocrits and she was transferred to the floor on . Pt stayed hemodynamically stable with stable hct for ~ hours, then pt started having marroon colored stools again and hct began to drop requiring more PRBC. Bleeding scan was done on showing GI bleeding, beginning at approximately minutes, most likely at the hepatic flexure of the colon. The pt was evaluated by surgery and taken to OR for a R hemicolectomy due to persistent bleeding and transferred to the recovery room in good condition. On , patient developed chest pain and shortness of breath. ECG revealed no acute changes and cardiac enzymes were negative. TEE revealed the left atrium is markedly dilated and elongated. No mass/thrombus is seen in the left atrium or left atrial appendage. The right atrium is moderately dilated. There is a prominent eustachain valve and chiari network which appears thicker than usual, but othewise, no abnormal masses, vegetations, or thrombi are seen in the right atrium or right atrial appendage. No atrial septal defect or patent foramen ovale is seen by D, color Doppler or saline contrast with maneuvers. The interatrial septum bows prominently into the right atrium, suggesting elevated left atiral pressures. There is severe left ventricular hypertrophy, but the infeior wall is somewhat thinner (. cm vs over cm for other walls. There is mild regional left ventricular systolic dysfunction. Overall left ventricular systolic function is mildly depressed at -%. Resting regional wall motion abnormalities include moderate infeior hypokinesis. The remaining left ventricular segments contract normally, although the posteior wall is poorly visualized. Right ventricular systolic function is borderline normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. There is no aortic valve stenosis. Trace central aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are structurally normal. Mild (+ mitral central regurgitation is seen. vena contracta measures less than mm. Pt was continued on her anticoagulation medications. Because pt's HR was > and she was in atrial fibrillation, cardiology was called to see the patient. Pt was started on a diltiazem drip and beta blocker for rate control. Pt's H&H was stable throughout the hospital course and she did not require the need for blood transfusion. Pt again had chest pain and shortness of breath . ECG again showed no acute changes and cardiac enzymes were negative. At the time of discharge, pt's HR was adequately maintained in the s on PO Toprol and PO diltiazem. Pt was started on sips days post-operatively and and she was started on TPN. Diet was slowly advanced. However on , pt vomited and an NG was placed which drained liters. Pt was restarted on clears and her diet was gradually advanced to a regular diet. TPN was discontinued . On , pt had WBC of and a wound infection was discovered. Her abdominal wound was opened up in places and drained pus. Wet to dry dressings three times a day were done to treat the wound infection. On discharge, pt had WBC of . and wound was no longer draining and had granulation tissue Medications on Admission: MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: ASA mg PO QD Plavix mg PO QD Percocet prn Norvasc mg PO QD Sertraline mg PO QD Imdur mg PO QD Ambien prn Lipitor mg PO QD Toprol mg PO QD HCTZ mg PO QD Discharge Medications: . Aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Metoprolol Succinate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: Two ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release HR(s* Refills:** . Metoprolol Succinate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: Two ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO HS (at bedtime. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release HR(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Warfarin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO ONCE (Once for doses. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Diltiazem HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Metoprolol mg QH:PRN hold SBP < , HR < . Diltiazem mg QH:PRN prn HR> . Albuterol Sulfate . % Solution Sig: One ( nebule Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Solutions* Refills:** . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution Sig: One ( nebule Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Solutions* Refills:** . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO Q H (Every Hours as needed for pain. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Zolpidem mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Colace mg Capsule Sig: Capsules PO every - hours as needed for constipation. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Heparin Flush PICC ( units/ml ml DAILY:PRN ml NS followed by ml of Units/ml heparin ( units heparin each lumen Daily and PRN. Inspect site every shift. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: Rehabilitation and Nursing Center - Discharge Diagnosis: Right colonic bleeding secondary to colon cancer Post operative ileus Atrial Fibrillation with rapid ventricular response Acute Blood loss anemia Post Op Wound Infection HTN Depression/Anxiety Discharge Condition: stable Discharge Instructions: Call your doctor if you experience fever, chills, lightheadedness, dizziness, chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath, severe abdominal pain, nausea/vomiting, or bleeding from abdominal wound. Followup Instructions: Please follow up with Dr. in weeks. Call for appointment. ",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1629,49757,": : Service: CHIEF COMPLAINT: Chest pain. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is an -year-old female with a history of hypertension, diabetes and past cerebrovascular accident who was in her usual state of health until the morning of admission when she awakened from sleep at AM with chest pain. The patient was squeezing, radiating across her chest into her back and was associated with diaphoresis. She denied any shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting or palpitations. She initially thought it was indigestion, took Maalox and tried to return to sleep. When the symptoms persisted, a friend came over and EMS was phoned after a total of four hours since the onset of symptoms. The patient was brought to the Emergency Room, where she was found to be having an inferior myocardial infarction. She was also found to be in ventricular tachycardia. She required one shock and successfully converted to sinus rhythm. She was placed on lidocaine drip. She was then brought to the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory, where she was found to have three vessel disease. The right coronary artery, which was felt to be the culprit lesion underwent percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and stenting. CARDIAC RISK FACTORS: Cardiac risk factors were positive for noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The patient was also a former smoker, but had quit over ten years ago. She denied hypercholesterolemia. She did describe a family history of coronary artery disease, but not before the age of . REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: The review of systems revealed gradually limited mobility secondary to increasing shortness of breath and dyspnea on exertion. However, the patient denied any chest pain or lightheadedness with exertion. She denied any leg swelling. She denied any orthopnea or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. She denied any recent weight changes. No recent fevers, chills, cough, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea or dysuria were noted. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Hypertension. . Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus. . Status post cerebrovascular accident. OUTPATIENT MEDICATIONS: . Norvasc mg p.o. q.d. . Triamterene/hydrochlorothiazide ./ mg p.o. q.d. . Levoxyl mcg p.o. q.d. . Aspirin mg p.o. q.d. . Dipyridamole mg p.o. b.i.d. . Glyburide mg p.o. q.d. . Albuterol metered dose inhaler. . Serevent metered dose inhaler b.i.d. FAMILY HISTORY: The patient had a strong family history of coronary artery disease on her mother's side, with her mother dying of myocardial infarction at the age of and her sister dying of myocardial infarction at the age of . SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient was a former smoker, having smoked one pack per day times years and quitting over ten years ago. She denied alcohol use. She lived alone in a senior facility. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: The patient's vital signs showed a heart rate of and regular, a blood pressure of / and an oxygen saturation of % on five liters by nasal cannula. In general, the patient was comfortable and in no apparent distress. The pupils were reactive and the sclerae were anicteric. The mucous membranes were moist. The lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally. The heart was regular with a normal S and S and no murmurs, rubs or gallops. The abdomen was soft, nontender and nondistended with normal active bowel sounds. The extremities were without clubbing, cyanosis or edema. There were weak bilateral distal pulses. LABORATORY: On admission, the CBC showed a white blood cell count of ,, hematocrit of . and platelet count of ,. Coagulation studies showed a prothrombin time of ., partial thromboplastin time of . and INR of .. Chem revealed a sodium of , potassium of ., chloride of , bicarbonate of , BUN of , creatinine of . and glucose of . The admission CPK was with an MB of and an index of . The initial troponin was .. RADIOLOGY: A chest-ray showed sight left ventricular enlargement with no evidence for congestive heart failure. There was hyperinflation of the lungs. ELECTROCARDIOGRAM: The admission electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm of beats per minute and an axis of about degrees. There were T waves in, and aVF with ST elevations in the same leads. The ST elevations were greater in than in. There were large R waves with ST depressions in V through V. There were also ST depressions in aVL. There were small Q waves in V through V. This was consistent with an inferoposterior infarct, likely proximal right coronary artery territory. CARDIAC CATHETERIZATION FINDINGS: Angiography of the patient's right dominant system revealed three vessel disease with a normal left main coronary artery. There was a twin left anterior descending artery system with severe diffuse disease in both vessels. The vessel twin had a long area of diffuse disease in the proximal and mid vessel to %. The lateral twin had similar diffuse disease. The left circumflex coronary artery had a % proximal lesion. The single large obtuse marginal artery had serial % lesions at the ostium and proximal vessel. The right coronary artery was a large dominant vessel with an % ulcerated lesion in the proximal segment. Hemodynamics revealed marked elevation of the right and left heart filling pressures with a normal cardiac output (right atrial pressure of , pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of and cardiac index of .. The patient underwent successful percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and stenting of the right coronary artery with % residual stenosis. The cardiac catheterization was notable for a small perforation of the right coronary artery. An emergent echocardiogram in the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory revealed no signs of coronary tamponade. HOSPITAL COURSE: Post catheterization, the patient was admitted to the Cardiac Care Unit and followed for a question of perforation of her right coronary artery during cardiac catheterization. A follow up echocardiogram revealed no evidence for cardiac tamponade. The remainder of her post infarct course was notable for the development of atrial fibrillation as well as a second episode of ventricular tachycardia that required cardioversion andiodarone drip. On , the patient went to the Electrophysiologic Laboratory, where she had an ICD implanted. The patient otherwise remained hemodynamically stable and was discharged to rehabilitation on . CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Fair. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient was discharged to rehabilitation. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Acute myocardial infarction, inferoposterior. . Ventricular tachycardia times two, both episodes requiring cardioversion. . Atrial fibrillation. . Diabetes mellitus. . Hypertension. . Hypothyroidism. PROCEDURES DURING THIS HOSPITALIZATION: . Cardiac catheterization with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and stenting of right coronary artery performed on . . Implantation of ICD on . DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Glyburide mg p.o. q.d. . Amiodarone mg p.o. b.i.d. times seven days, then mg p.o. q.d. times one month, then mg p.o. q.d. thereafter. . Enteric coated aspirin mg p.o. q.d. . Plavix mg p.o. q.d. . Levothyroxine mg p.o. q.d. . Atenolol mg p.o. q.d. . Univasc . mg p.o. q.d. . Serevent metered dose inhaler two puffs b.i.d. . Coumadin mg p.o. q.d. and adjust as needed to keep INR between . and .. . Lasix mg p.o. q.d. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS TO REHABILITATION: . Please check blood sugar fingersticks b.i.d. . Please check INR q.d. until reaching a stable Coumadin dose. . The patient is to follow up at the Clinic in one month; she is to call for an appointment at . . The patient should follow up with the Cardiology Service. If she chooses, she can follow up with Dr. at . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1634,52394,": : : Sex: M Service: CARDIOTHORACIC Allergies: Tegretol / Dilantin / Penicillins / Sulfonamides : Chief Complaint: Chest pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: CABG (LIMA->LAD, SVG->OM, SVG->PDA History of Present Illness: Mr. is a y/o male with longstanding coronary artery disease s/p multiple PCI's with stents. He did well until of when he noticed an increase in chest pain/pressure with exertion. Then had a positive stress test and was referred for cardiac cath. Cath revealed -% LM, -% RCA, <-% LAD/LCX. He was then referred for surgical revascularization. Past Medical History: Coronary Artery Disease s/p multiple PCI Hypertension Hyperlipidemia Diabtes Melltis Seizure disorder s/p keratosis removal on back s/p bilateral cubital and carpal tunnel surgery Social History: cigars per week (equivalent to a py hx. EtOH drink with dinner. Retired H.S. English teacher. Lives with wife. x/week. Family History: Father: MI @ Sister: MI @ Physical Exam: Neuro: A&O , grossly intact Pulm: CTAB -withr/r Cor: RRR, +SS, -c/r/m/g Abd: Soft, NT/ND, +BS Ext: Warm, superficial varicosities, -edema Pertinent Results: Carotid U/S : Minor plaque is present in the carotid arteries bilaterally with no evidence of stenosis [evaluated as close to % stenosis bilaterally]. Echo : There is mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size and systolic function (LVEF>%. Regional left ventricular wall motion is normal. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. Mild (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. CXR :Pneumoperitoneum, of uncertain etiology. :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Hct-.* :PM BLOOD PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. :PM BLOOD %HbAc-.* -DONE -DONE :PM URINE Blood-NEG Nitrite-NEG Protein-NEG Glucose- Ketone-NEG Bilirub-NEG Urobiln-NEG pH-. Leuks-NEG Brief Hospital Course: As mentioned in the HPI, patient was found to have severe left main disease and remained in the hospital for surgical revascularization. Prior to surgery patient underwent an Echo and Carotid U/S (please see pertinent results. He was cleared for surgery and following consent pt was brought to the operating room on hospital day two. He underwent a coronary artery bypass graft and tolerated the procedure well. Please see op note for surgical details. He was transferred to the CSRU in stable condition receiving Nitroglycerin and Propofol. Later on op day sedation was weaned and patient awoke neurologically intact. Mechanical ventilation was weaned and he was extubated. By post op day one he was weaned off of all drips and started on diuretics and B blockers. And was then transferred to the step-down unit. On post op day two his chest tubes and Foley catheter were removed. was consulted for diabetes management secondary to previously poor control (Hgb AC . and elevated glucose while in hospital. Appropriate changes were made based on their recommendations. On post op day three patient was very hyperglycemic and required transfer back to the ICU for an Insulin drip. Post op day four glucose was and he was then transferred back to the step-down unit. Diabetes management continued to remain difficult despite recommendations and will follow-up with them in week following discharge. His epicardial pacing wires were removed on post op day six. He was followed throughout hospital course by physical therapy for strength and conditioning. He cleared level by post op day seven and was discharged home with VNA services and the appropriate follow-up appointments. Medications on Admission: ASA mg qd Lantus u qam Plavix mg qd Lamictal mg Lipitor mg qd Lopressor mg qd Univasc .mg qd Reminyl (d/c'd by pt Discharge Medications: . Lamotrigine mg Tablet Sig: . Tablets PO B ( times a day. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Ranitidine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Ferrous Gluconate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Ascorbic Acid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Folic Acid mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH:PRN as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Zolpidem mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS:PRN as needed for insomnia for weeks. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours for days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Potassium Chloride mEq Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: Two ( Capsule, Sustained Release PO QH (every hours for days. Disp:* Capsule, Sustained Release(s* Refills:** . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Cartridge Sig: Thirty ( Units Subcutaneous QAM. Disp:*QS month* Refills:** . Insulin Lispro (Human unit/mL Cartridge Sig: sliding scale Subcutaneous QACHS: humalog sliding scale. Disp:*QS month* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Homecare Discharge Diagnosis: Coronary Artery Disease s/p multiple previous PCI's s/p Coronary Artery Bypass Graft on Hypertension Hyperlipidemia Diabtes Melltis Seizure disorder Discharge Condition: Good Discharge Instructions: Shower, wash incision with soap and water and pat dry, no lotions creams or powders to incision. No lifting more than pounds or driving. Call with fever, redness or drainage from incision, or weight gain more than pounds in one day or five in one week. Followup Instructions: Dr. weeks Clinic week Dr. (Cardiologist weeks Dr. (PCP weeks Call for all appointments :",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
907,19365,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Lisinopril : Chief Complaint: GI Bleed Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: PCP: HPI: yo male with ESRD on HD, DM, CAD, Addison's, presents with fevers, hypoglycemia and coffee ground emesis from Hospital. He left days ago after admission for hyperkalemia, hypoglycemia and fever. Found to have C. Diff and ?line infection (though blood cultures negative. He was treated empirically with CTX/Vanco/Flagyl. He went home, then brought back to (/ unresponsive with hypoglycemia ( of , fever with / MSSA from line, given vancomycin, tequin, was dialyzed then left AMA on . On in the evening his was and he was brought back to Widden febrile with coffee ground emesis, guaiac + stool, hyperglycemic, transferred to . In the ER he was given Vanco, Flagyl , decadron , tylenol, units FFP. LP equivocal but WBC. NG Lavage with minimal coffee grounds that cleared with ~ cc. Past Medical History: DM diagnosed at age , hx of retinal hemorrhage, peripheral neuropathy, nephropathy, Charcot ESRD on HD Q Tues/Thurs. Awaiting transplant from sister CAD s/p NSTEMI in /. Recent MIBI with no reversible flow defects. Echo done shows LVH, nl EF. HTN Hypercholesterolemia Hypothyroidism Addison??????s disease diagnosed at age Anemia of chronic disease Chronic LE edema s/p recent medial tibial plateau/proximal fibula fracture C. Diff colitis s/p Flagyl finished mid- Social History: No tob, Etoh, illicits, He is single with no kids and lives in . He was a former clerk/supervisor but is currently on disability. Family History: Father died age due to cancer Mother died age due to breast cancer brothers, sisters: siblings with DM Physical Exam: Temp: ., HR:, BP:/, RR:, O:% RA Gen: NAD. Somnolent. A/O HEENT: PEARLA. EOMI CV: RR. No M/R/C Pulm: Mild crackles at left base. ABD: Distended. Soft Non-tender. No HSM Ext: trace edema b/l, chronic appearing, non-pitting Neuro: Motor at all flex/ex. : GI to LT b/l. CNII-XII GI. Rectal: Guaiac + Brown stool Pertinent Results: WBC:. (N:, L:., E:, Hct:., Plt: ------------< . . INR:. TN:., CK: Ca:., Phos:., Mg:. Ammonia: CSF: Prot , Gluc , WBC:, RBC:, Opening pressure of Serum/Urine tox (- U/A: Large blood, Nit (-, Prot , Gluc:, Ket:, LE:Mod, WBC:>, RBC:, Epi:- Lact:. CT Head: No bleed CXR: Mild cardiomegaly and mild pulm edema ECG: NSR at bpm, Nl Axis. LVH with slight J-pt elevation in V-V with peaked T waves somewhat more than prior. Depressions with TWI in V-V. Brief Hospital Course: y.o. diabetic male with ESRD on HD, Addison's Disease, hematemesis and high fevers with relative hypotension. His blood cultures drawnn several days prior at grew out of bottles Staph warneri (coagulase negative staph from his HD catheter. He had already been on vancomycin and this was continued. He received one dose of levoquin and flagyl while in the emergency room but this was stopped. His blood glucose was in the setting of his infection and he had a smallount of ketones in his blood. However he was not acidotic. he received stress dose steroids given his Addison's disease and was placed on an insulin drip for tighter control in the setting of his sepsis and brittle type diabetes. Blood and urine cultures were drawn from his line and peripheral blood and grew nothing. LP was performed because he was moderately confused and had a high opening pressure of , elevated protein, but no WBC to suggest infection. CSF gram stain and cultures were sterile. He deferveced by hospital day and was quickly weaned from his stress steroids to his basal replacment dose. It was felt that the likely source was his line, though renal consult feels that the cultrues were probably contamination. His line was not pulled plans are made to continue the vancomycin for weeks with end date = . Surveillance cultures will need to be drawn days after his vanco is stopped. Vanco should be g qHD, with random levels drawn weekly to maintain a concentration of -. His levels should be checked at least every other day to ensure a goal serum concentration of - and to avoid toxicity. . In regards to his hematemesis, an NG lavage revealed coffee ground emesis that cleared with lavage. No frank blood was visualized. His hematocrit was stable. He underwent an EGD that showed a normal duodenum and esophagus, however the large degree of food left in the stomach precluded adequate visualization of that organ. GI consult felt that his symptoms were likely related to a stress ulcer in the setting of acute illness and recommended he was safe for outpatient EGD. Since he experienced such labile blood glucose while NPO for the procedure, and the fact that he had no other symptoms while maintaining an adequate and unchanged hematocrit, the EGD was not performed while here and can be pursued later. For the food findings in his stomach he was started on reglan for likely gastroparesis. It was felt that he might also experienced better blood sugar control with better peristalsis by mathcing his glycemic load with PO intake with his humalog scale. . His sugars were labile while on stress steroids and NPO status. These evened out by regularization of his diet and cessation of stress steroids. He is very sensitive to insulin and should not be treated aggressively for hyperglycemia. He was continued on his lantus with his insulin gtt and quickly weaned off the gtt to a humalog sliding scale. He was followed by the service while here. . His C. diff toxin was positive, however he did not have any symptoms. We feel that this is indicative of persistent toxin shedding but does not indicate on going infection. he will need to continue flagyl until days after he STOPS vancomycin to PREVENT c. diff colitis from reoccuring with end date = . . His blood pressure remained at this usual - systolic. His hydralazine was increased to mg qid from mg qid with some mild improvement. Renal is attempting to challenge his dry weight of kg and he underwent additional ultrafiltration sessions to accomplish this. His legs remained swollen in between sessions. He had no evidence of pulmonary edema and was asymptomatic at his blood pressures of systolic. He had a brief episode of atrial tachycardia in the 's that was not atrial flutter during the acute phase of his sepsis. This resolved with treatment of his sepsis and did not recur. Medications on Admission: Meds at time of discharge from on : Vanco po q Lantus SC HS Labetolol qid Clonidine . tid Calcium tid Lipitor daily Norvasc daily Fludrcort . Hydrocort qAM Hydrocort qPM M, Th, Sun Hydrocort qPM W/Sat Hydrocort qPM Tues/Fri Cholecaciferol daily Neurontin daily Hydral qid Protonix daily Levothyrox daily ASA daily Humalog Scale Discharge Medications: . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q-H (every to hours as needed. . : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Gabapentin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO QH (every hours. . Fludrocortisone . mg Tablet Sig: one half Tablet PO Q H (Every Hours. . Labetalol mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Diltiazem HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q ( times a day. . Clonidine . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Hydrocortisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. . Hydrocortisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QMON/THURS/SUN (. . Metronidazole mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day: stop date = ( days after stopping vanco. . Hydrocortisone mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO QTUES/FRAY (. . Hydrocortisone mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO QWED/SAT (. . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO Q ( times a day as needed. . Zolpidem mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime as needed. . Metoclopramide mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO QACHS ( times a day (before meals and at bedtime. . Sevelamer mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Hydralazine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Thirty Two ( units Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Insulin Lispro (Human unit/mL Solution Sig: see sliding scale units Subcutaneous four times a day: sliding scale. . Vancomycin , mg Recon Soln Sig: One ( Intravenous qHD: please check levels to ensure not toxic serum concentration. goal -. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: On - Discharge Diagnosis: Coag negative staph wernari line sepsis Addison's Disease Hyperglycemia Hypertension End Stage Renal Failure Discharge Condition: stable, good Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning, if weight > lbs. Adhere to gm sodium diet Fluid Restriction: liters . continue taking your antibiotics as outlined in the discharge summary. . do not eat too many carbohydrates as outlined by the physicians. Watch that you aren't given too much insulin for sugars in the 's as you respond very well with subcutaneous treatment. follow the sliding scale you are discharged with. Followup Instructions: , : : : , TRANSPLANT SOCIAL WORK : : , DPM : : : See your endocrinologist within days of being discharged. continue with your hemodialysis sessions tues, thurs, sat. follow up with your podiatrist and orthopedic surgeon as they have planned with you. ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
197,3725,": : : Sex: M Service: CARDIOTHORACIC Allergies: Oxycodone / Zanaflex : Chief Complaint: Left lower lobe nodule. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: : Video-assisted thoracic surgery left lower lobe wedge resection. History of Present Illness: Admitted for scheduled VATS and left lower lobe resection. Past Medical History: Coronary Artery Disease s/p v CABG in (SVG -> RCA, occluded RCA and SVG->RCA graft on Cath in and RCA fills with collaterals; PCI to LAD(.x Cypher in and OM(.x Vision-BMS in Supraventricular tachycardia s/p ablation Peripheral disease s/p Right femoral to dorsalis pedis vein graft, L. femoral-peroneal bypass, right femoral-DP vein graft bypass, and left BKA, Excision of vein graft and aneurysm of the right common femoral artery with proximal vein bypass with interposition segment of nonreversed right basilic vein. Cath showed LSFA stents were totally occluded with collaterals Emphysema: Home Oxygen - Liters Pulmonary Embolism: on coumadin Hypercholesterolemia Total thyroidectomy for thyroid CA->Hypothyroidism Bilateral inguinal hernia repair CVA with left-sided weakness Carotid Stenosis: Right Total occulsion Seizure disorder Ischemic neuropathy Social History: He denies alcohol use. He smoked ppd for years but quit in . Lives alone with multiple family members living nearby. Formerly worked as a computer systems engineer but had to retire in due to multiple surgeries and medical problems. Currently on disability. Reports asbestos exposure for years at a building he worked at. Family History: Noncontributory, sister with history of ruptured cerebral aneurysm at age . Physical Exam: VS: T . HR: SR BP / Sats: -% L NC Wt lbs General: sitting up in bed no apparent distress Neck: supple Card: RRR Resp: decreased breath sounds Right i/ up, Left / up no crackles or wheezes GI: obese benign Extr: warm L BKA Incision: left VATs clean/dry intact, site ecchymotic Neuro: non-focal Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-. MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-. Hct-. MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- TISSUE Site: LOBE LEFT LOWER LOBE NODULE. GRAM STAIN (Final : No Growth TISSUE (Final : NO GROWTH. ANAEROBIC CULTURE (Preliminary: NO GROWTH. AC FAST SMEAR (Final : NO AC FAST BACILLI SEEN ON DIRECT AC FAST CULTURE (Preliminary: FUNGAL CULTURE (Preliminary: NO FUNGUS ISOLATED. POTASSIUM HYDROXE PREPARATION (Final : NO FUNGAL ELEMENTS PA AND LATERAL CHEST ON FINDINGS: Left IJ central catheter in stable satisfactory position. Left- sided chest tube remains as before, there is smallount of subcutaneous emphysema on the left. Focal opacity of the left base appears improved when compared with the previous film of . There is no specific evidence of CHF. margins are sharp. Heart remains normal in size. Osseous structures are intact. CXR: FINDINGS: There is improvement in fluid status versus prior study. Chest tubes remain in place, subcutaneous emphysema again noted, and there is slight decrease in the blunting seen at the left CP angle. No new consolidations. CHEST RADIOGRAPH . FINDINGS: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left-sided chest tube and left-sided central venous access line are in unchanged position. A minimal left-sided pneumothorax is minimally better seen than on the previous examination. Unchanged retrocardiac atelectasis, soft tissue air collection in the left lateral chest wall. Brief Hospital Course: Mr. was admitted on for Video-assisted thoracic surgery left lower lobe wedge resection. He was extubated in the operating room and monitored in the PACU prior to transfer to the floor. His drain was converted to bulb suction. He tolerated a regular diet. His pain was managed with a Dilaudid PCA. On the patient was found somnolent with a SP of % and drain with air. He was administered narcan with no result. His drain was converted to pleuravac to low wall suction with a notable airleak. He was transferred to the SICU where he spontaneously woke. A chest-x-ray showed a small pneumothorax. He was placed on nocturnal BiPap On the chest tube drained > cc of serosanguinous fluid. It was placed to water seal with minimal air leak. Good pulmonary toilet continued. He was restarted on his home medications. On he transferred to the floor. He was seen by cardiology who agreed with restarting lasix. His chest-ray revealed no pneumothorax and was converted to bulb without airleak. Physically therapy saw the patient and cleared him for home with PT. Medical Oncology saw the patient who deemed him not a candidate for adjunctive therapy secondary to co-morbidity. They will continue to follow his pathology. On the drain was removed and follow-up chest-ray showed no pneumothorax. The foley was removed and failed to void. A bladder scan showed urine. On the foley was removed and he voided. He continued to make steady progress and was discharged to home with VNA and PT. He will follow-up with Dr. as an outpatient. Medications on Admission: Atorvastatin mg qd Clonazepam mg T Clopidogrel mg daily ASA mg daily Fluticasone-Salmeterol / inh Furosemide mg qAM Gabapentin mg T Hydroxyzine mg q-H PRN itch Levetiracetam mg Levothyroxine mcg daily Metoprolol tartrate mg T Nitroglycerin . mg tab SL PRN Tiotropium mcg capsule, cap inh daily Calcium carbonate mg (mg tablet, chewable, tab daily Cholecalciferol U tablet daily Pyridoxine mg daily Discharge Medications: . Fluticasone-Salmeterol - mcg/Dose Disk with Device Sig: One ( Disk with Device Inhalation ( times a day. . Clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Hydroxyzine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. . Levetiracetam mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO every twelve ( hours. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Nitroglycerin . mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: One ( Tablet, Sublingual Sublingual PRN (as needed. . Tiotropium Bromide mcg Capsule, withInhalation Device Sig: One ( Cap Inhalation DAILY (Daily. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Famotidine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . : One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. :* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Gabapentin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO three times a day. . Hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed. :* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Homecare Discharge Diagnosis: Left lower lobe nodule. Discharge Condition: stable Followup Instructions: Follow-up with Dr. at :pm on the Sharpiro Clinical Center . Report to the Radiology Department for a Chest-Ray minutes before your appointment. , : : : :",0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1927,48426,": : : Sex: M Service: -MEDICINE HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old male with a history of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus who came in with a three day history of nausea, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, and decreased p.o. intake. The patient states that he left his insulin at work three days prior to admission and thus has not been able to take any insulin. The patient also reasoned that since he had no insulin, he would limit his p.o. intake over the last three days and since then has had progressive nausea, abdominal pain, tachypnea, and shortness of breath. He denies any fever, diarrhea, chest pain, cough, URI symptoms, or dysuria. On review of systems, the patient noted a pound weight loss over the past year due to decreased p.o. intake. The patient has never had a colonoscopy. The patient also complained of some mid epigastric discomfort after eating. In the Emergency Department, the patient was noted to have a blood sugar of . Arterial blood gas revealed .//. He was given liters normal saline, p of bicarbonate, and units of intravenous insulin. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Diabetes mellitus times six years, Charcot foot. MEDICATIONS: Insulin units of NPH in the a.m. and units of regular and units of NPH and units of regular in the p.m. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives at the . He has positive tobacco use of one pack per day times years and positive alcohol use with a pack approximately three times a week. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION: Blood pressure was /, heart rate , temperature ., respirations , oxygen saturation % on room air. HEENT revealed anicteric sclerae, extraocular movements intact, pupils equal, round, and reactive to light, and dry mucous membranes. The lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally. The heart examination revealed hyperdynamic, regular rate and rhythm, tachycardia, and no murmurs, rubs, or gallops appreciated. Abdominal examination revealed mild epigastric discomfort, no rebound, no guarding, no hepatomegaly. Examination of the extremities revealed + distal pulses bilaterally. There was no lower extremity edema. Neurologically, the patient was alert and oriented times three. Strength was throughout. LABORATORY DATA: White blood cell count was ., hematocrit ., platelets ,. Chemistries revealed sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , anion gap . LDH was , CK , AST , ALT , alkaline phosphatase ,ylase , lactate ., calcium ., albumin ., lipase . PTT was ., INR .. Urinalysis revealed positive ketones, white blood cell, no bacteria, nitrate negative. Chest-ray revealed no gross infiltrate. Electrocardiogram revealed sinus tachycardia at , normal axis, normal intervals, left ventricular hypertrophy, Q waves in V-V that were old, no acute ST changes. Toxicology screen revealed no alcohol detected. SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the Medicine Service in the Intensive Care Unit. He was treated with intravenous fluids and insulin. The patient was subsequently changed to subcutaneous insulin and transferred to the regular medicine floor. The patient started tolerating full p.o. without incident. Because the patient complained of some odynophagia upon admission, an upper GI series was ordered which showed some gastroesophageal reflux disease. Please see the official report for details in the CCC. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS: To home. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Diabetic ketoacidosis. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Regular Insulin units subq. q.a.m. and units subq. q.p.m., NPH Insulin units subq. q.a.m and units subq. q.p.m. with glucometer sticks and glucometer strips, Ranitidine mg p.o. b.i.d., insulin needles, and Nystatin Swish and Swallow cc p.o. q.i.d. DISCHARGE FOLLOWUP: The patient will follow up in the Clinic with Dr. in two weeks time. After discharge, the patient's weight loss over the past year will be further evaluated on an outpatient basis. The patient was also instructed to follow up with the Clinic and the Clinic. The patient was given the phone numbers for these clinics and will make appointments for each as soon as possible. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
729,11662,": : : Sex: M Service: HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old male with a history of coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft in , with multiple complications, who was transferred to from for management of question of possible empyema. The patient has a complicated past medical history. Please see past medical history. The patient was hospitalized here in the month of for respiratory failure with pseudomonas pneumonia, cryptococcemia andiodarone-induced lung disease. The patient was transferred to on . He was weaned from the ventilator there, although he required high FIO. Ten days prior to admission, the patient developed increased shortness of breath with bilateral pleural effusions. The right-sided effusion was tapped, and grew vancomycin-resistant enterococcus. Linezolid was started, with clinical improvement, but four days later, the patient had increased shortness of breath and pseudomonas in the sputum, sensitive only toikacin. One day prior to admission, the left-sided effusion was tapped. Cultures were pending at the time of transfer, but the pH was noted to be .. Blood pressure has also been decreased over the last several days, requiring intravenous fluid resuscitation. Sputum was also noted to be positive for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus on . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft in . Hypertension . Atrial fibrillation for three years, previously on anticoagulation, but discontinued secondary to history of gastrointestinal bleed . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . Hypothyroidism . Congestive heart failure by report . Left adrenal adenoma . History of gastrointestinal bleed secondary to mucosal tear at the gastrostomy site . Hyperlipidemia . Depression . Moderate tricuspid regurgitation . Adult respiratory distress syndrome secondary to amiodarone toxicity, requiring hospitalization at in . History of pseudomonas pneumonia in . History of cryptococcemia and cryptococcus in the pleural fluid in , treated with AmBisome and now on fluconazole MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER: . Prednisone mg by mouth per feeding tube once daily . Fluconazole mg by mouth per feeding tube once daily . Lasix mg intravenous push once daily . Glutamine one scoop per feeding tube twice a day . Perative full strength at cc/hour . Protonix mg once daily . Subcutaneous heparin units every hours . Levoxyl . mg per gastrostomy tube once daily . Aspirin mg by mouth once daily . Metoprolol mg by mouth once daily . Colace mg per gastrostomy tube twice a day as needed . Regular insulin sliding scale . Lorazepam mg intravenous push every six hours as needed ALLERGIES: Dramamine SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient has been at and for ventilatory rehabilitation. He has a pack year history of smoking. He has no alcohol abuse or substance abuse. He was recently widowed in . PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Temperature ., blood pressure /, pulse , respiratory rate , pulse oximetry % on room air. General appearance: The patient is frail, cachectic-appearing male, in no acute distress. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat: Pupils equal, round and reactive to light, conjunctivae injected, sclerae anicteric. Moist mucous membranes, oropharynx without lesions. Neck: Supple, with no carotid bruits. Cardiovascular: Normal S and S, II/VI systolic murmur, irregularly irregular rhythm. Lungs: Decreased effort, clear breath sounds, decreased diaphragmatic excursion, coarse crackles, scattered bilaterally, with no appreciable rubs. Abdomen: Soft, hypoactive bowel sounds, nontender to palpation, no appreciable mass or hepatosplenomegaly. Brachial and radial pulses appreciable bilaterally, with no lower extremity cyanosis or clubbing. Neurologic examination: The patient's movements are purposeful. The patient responds to conversation and to tactile stimuli. Strength is decreased diffusely, with no focal neurological deficits. LABORATORY DATA: White blood count ., hematocrit ., platelets . Sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . INR .. Calcium ., phosphate ., magnesium .. HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM: . Infectious Disease: The patient presented with bilateral pleural effusions, with recently-tapped left pleural effusion with a reported pH of .. On presentation to this hospital, the patient underwent chest tube placement for tapping of bilateral pleural effusions. Right pleural effusion was notable for the following laboratory findings: white blood cells, , red blood cells, protein of ., glucose of , LDH of , pH of ., Gram stain revealing + polys. Left-sided pleural effusion notable for , red blood cells, white blood cells, % polys, protein of ., glucose of , LDH of ,ylase of , pH of ., Gram stain revealed + polys. Cultures and cytology were negative. Ultimately pleural fluid culture did grow out vancomycin-resistant enterococcus from one bottle, which was thought to be a colonizer. Analysis of the pleural fluid suggested that it was exudative. It apparently was not infectious, however. Given the high red blood cell count and high LDH, it was concerning for malignant effusion, but cytology was negative. It was also thought that there was potentially some component of congestive heart failure contributing to the effusions. The patient did not, however, present with frank evidence of congestive heart failure during this hospitalization, though with an echocardiogram that showed no change from prior. Regarding other Infectious Disease issues, the patient's stool was sent for C. difficile, which was negative. Blood was positive for cryptococcal antigen, and the patient was continued on his fluconazole. Blood cultures, both bacterial and mycolytic cultures, were negative. Sputum cultures taken early in this hospitalization grew out multi-drug-resistant pseudomonas, as has been colonized in the past. The urine also grew out resistant pseudomonas. The patient was covered broadly with two anti-pseudomonal drugs, namelyikacin and piperacillin/tazobactam. Sensitivities revealed that the organism was sensitive to both of these. Cerebrospinal fluid cryptococcal antigen was not sent, but had been negative in . The patient did grow vancomycin-resistant enterococcus in the pleural fluid in the setting of treatment with linezolid. This was treated as a colonizer, and was not specifically treated during this hospitalization. The patient did show evidence of oral thrush, and was treated with Nystatin and continued on his fluconazole. . Pulmonary: As noted above, the patient was treated with amikacin and Zosyn for pseudomonal respiratory tract infection. The organism was not cultured from the pleural fluid, and the pleural fluid analysis was not entirely consistent with an infectious etiology. Per Infectious Disease service recommendations, the patient should receive a three week course of antibiotic treatment with these anti-pseudomonal agents. The patient should also receive at least an additional six weeks total therapy with fluconazole for cryptococcal pneumonia, as the patient has a history of cryptococcemia. The patient remained ventilator dependent during this hospitalization secondary to multifactorial pulmonary processes, namely pneumonia, possibleiodarone toxicity, and bilateral pleural effusions of mixed etiology, possibly with components of both transudate and exudate. The patient's chest-ray revealed pulmonary infiltrates thought to reflect prioriodarone toxicity vs. new ventilator associated or hospital-acquired pneumonia. The patient remained essentially afebrile throughout the remainder of his hospitalization, with several low-grade fevers on and , for which cultures were sent. These cultures remained negative. The patient continued on his antibiotics. It was noted that he continued to grow moderate pseudomonas from his oropharynx despite treatment withikacin and Zosyn. The patient did very well on trials of pressure support of , with PEEP of , during the last two days of his hospitalization. On , the patient went for approximately seven hours on pressure support of , with little difficulty. He was switched back to pressure support of in the evening. He continued to have thick secretions. Ideally the patient will be weaned from the ventilator and then fitted for a fenestrated trach so that he may talk using the trach. . Congestive heart failure: Patient with a history of coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft. He was continued on his aspirin. The patient's beta blocker was held for much of this hospitalization, given low blood pressures. The patient was initiated on an ACE inhibitor, which he seemed to tolerate well. This was done, in part, given suspicion that congestive heart failure was possibly contributing to his bilateral pleural effusions. Regarding his history of congestive heart failure, the patient had a recent echocardiogram revealing ejection fraction of greater than %. The patient had a repeat echocardiogram during this hospitalization, which again showed ejection fraction greater than %, abnormal septal motion consistent with a right ventricular pressure overload, + mitral regurgitation, + tricuspid regurgitation. The patient received several one-time doses of mg of intravenous lasix for suspicion for total volume overload. The patient, however, did not have any clear evidence of acute congestive heart failure compromising his oxygenation during this hospitalization. Regarding history of atrial fibrillation, the patient had several periods of atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response, although he had never had any associated hemodynamic instability. For the most part, he remained on Diltiazem with good rate control. He remained off of chronic anticoagulation, which had been previously discontinued in the setting of upper gastrointestinal bleed. . Hematology: Patient with anemia, noted to have a slow drop in his hematocrit of approximately to points over approximately a week or two. He is guaiac negative, and had no evidence of acute bleeding. Anemia laboratories were consistent with anemia of chronic disease. The patient was not started on iron therapy, given his iron to total iron binding capacity ratio. He did receive a transfusion of two units of packed red blood cells and his hematocrit bumped appropriately and remained relatively stable. Given the fact that he had been revascularized, it was considered essential to keep his hematocrit greater than for cardio-protective reasons. . Gastrointestinal: Patient with several complaints of right upper quadrant pain early in his hospitalization, which later resolved. He was noted to have persistently elevated alkaline phosphatase and elevated GGT, although the rest of his liver function tests were within normal limits. There was no evidence of any acute biliary process. Suspicion for gastrointestinal bleed was addressed as above. . Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition: The patient remained largely euvolemic. We gave him lasix on several occasions to keep him negative, given suspicion that congestive heart failure may be contributing to his respiratory status and his bilateral pleural effusions. These effusions, however, were evaluated toward the end of his hospitalization and found to be stable. His electrolytes were aggressively repleted during this hospitalization. He remained on tube feeds per his percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube, and these were at goal. He was, however, noted to have an approximately ten pound weight loss during his hospitalization. . Access: Patient with a right PICC line, which he has had in place for his antibiotic treatments since . The PICC line was changed prior to discharge so that he could continue intravenous antibiotics for recommended periods of time. . The patient was screened by rehabilitation facilities for ventilator rehabilitation, as he will require gradual weaning from his ventilator. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Stable. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . Exudative pleural effusions status post chest tube placement and discontinuation . Pseudomonas respiratory tract infection . History of anemia of chronic disease . Cryptococcal pneumonia with history of cryptococcemia . Ventilatory dependence . Colonization with vancomycin-resistant enterococcus . Increased alkaline phosphatase . Coronary artery disease . Chronic atrial fibrillation DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Zosyn . mg intravenously every eight hours until . Amikacin mg intravenously every hours until . Diltiazem mg per gastrostomy tube every six hours . Levothyroxine . mg per gastrostomy tube once daily . Protonix mg per gastrostomy tube once daily . Aspirin mg per gastrostomy tube once daily . Subcutaneous heparin units twice a day . Peptamen tube feeds at cc/hour per gastrostomy tube . Effexor mg per gastrostomy tube twice a day . Fluconazole mg per gastrostomy tube until . Nystatin paint to oral mucous membranes four times a day as needed for thrush . Captopril . mg per gastrostomy tube three times a day; hold for systolic blood pressure less than . Lorazepam to mg intravenously every four hours as needed for agitation . Albuterol six puffs every four hours as needed DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: The patient should receive weaning from his ventilator while at ventilator rehabilitation. He has tolerated six to seven hour trials of pressure support of with PEEP of and done well. We have typically switched him back to pressure support of at night in order to rest him. The patient should receive aggressive suctioning. He should be continued on his antibiotics. His PICC line should be monitored for signs of infection. Ultimately the patient should be transitioned back to home. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
34,315,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Pneumovax : Chief Complaint: Mental Status Changes/Hypoxia Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Lumbar Puncture History of Present Illness: This is a year old male with hepatitis C, history of alcohol abuse, bipolar affective disorder, atrial fibrillation, and a recent admission to for pneumonia who was transferred from an outside hospital where he had presented with mental status changes and dyspnea. The patient was not able to give a full account of the circumstances leading to his admission, but per his family he had increasing dyspnea and confusion starting approximately five days prior to presentation. He may have had chills but no fevers and he was noted to be extremely fatigued. At the outside hospital he was febrile, bradycardic, hypotensive, non-verbal, pale, and not following commands reliably. After initial lab results did not reveal a clear source of his illness he was transferred to for further management. In the ED, initial vitals were T , BP /, HR , RR , % on L. Over his ED course he became progressively more hypoxic and eventually required .L of O by nasal cannula to maintain a sat of %. He was initially bradycardic with rates in the 's but this spontaneously improved to s-s without interventions. His SBP's improved to 's-'s with LF. His chest radiograph revealed a right middle lobe infiltrate, which he had recently been treated for at (admission until . He received vancomycin and levofloxacin for a possible pulmonary infection as well as metronidazole as the patient had diarrhea and had C diff in . He was transferred to the ICU for further management. Past Medical History: - Atrial Fibrillation - History of clostridium difficile - Bipolar Affective Disorder - History of hepatitis C - History of rheumatic heart disease - History of right middle cerebral artery aneurysm clipped in at - History of pernicious anemia - Gastroesophageal reflux disease Social History: He lives with his wife. has a history of alcohol abuse but this was greater than twenty years ago. He stopped smoking after his previous hospitalization (about one month prior to presentation but previously had a pack year history. He had been discharged from his last hospitalization with oxygen but had not been using this prior to admission. Family History: His father had lung cancer and his mother had congestive heart failure. Physical Exam: On Presentation to ICU VS - T .; BP /; HR ; RR ; Osat % on L NC Gen: appears older than stated age, no acute distress HEENT: NCAT, PERRL, EOMI, dry MM, poor dentition CV: irreg, irreg, no m/r/g Chest: limited cooperation with exam, CTAB, no withr/r appreciated Abd: +BS, soft, mildly distended, non-tender Ext: + bilateral LE edema Skin: abrasion on L knee, old blisters on the dorsal aspect of all left toes. Neuro: A+O (name, , , grossly intact Pertinent Results: LABORATORY RESULTS ====================== On Presentation: WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- RDW-.* Plt Ct-* ---Neuts-. Lymphs-. Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-.* Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- ALT- AST- LD(LDH- AlkPhos-* TotBili-. CK CK-MB- cTropnT-<. Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. On Discharge: WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- RDW-.* Plt Ct-* PT-.* PTT-.* INR(PT-.* Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- ALT- AST- LD(LDH- AlkPhos-* TotBili-. Other Results: VitB-* Folate-. Hapto- Ammonia: *- Digoxin-.* Urinalysis: Color-Yellow Appear-Clear Sp -. Blood-NEG Nitrite-NEG Protein-NEG Glucose-NEG Ketone-NEG Bilirub-NEG Urobiln-NEG pH-. Leuks-NEG RBC-* WBC- Bacteri-FEW Yeast-NONE Epi- CSF Analysis: WBC- RBC-* Polys- Lymphs- Monos- Eos- TotProt- Glucose- LD(LDH- HSV PCS: negative for HSV and Culture negative for growth MICROBIOLOGY ============== All Blood and Urine Cultures negative for growth Campylobacter culture of stool: Negative Microscopic exam of stool: negative for ova and parasites C diff toxin assay *: Negative OTHER STUDIES =============== ECG on Presentation: sinus at with frequent PACs, nl axis, nl intervals, no ischemic changes; prior was afib with rvr, but otherwise unchanged Portable Chest Radiograph : IMPRESSION: Persistent unexplained dense consolidation and volume loss of the right middle lobe. CT Head : IMPRESSION: No acute intracranial hemorrhage Transthoracic Echocardiogram : Conclusions The left atrium and right atrium are normal in cavity size. No left atrial mass/thrombus seen (best excluded by transesophageal echocardiography. No atrial septal defect or patent foramen ovale is seen by D, color Doppler or saline contrast with maneuvers. The estimated right atrial pressure is - mmHg. Left ventricular wall thickness, cavity size and regional/global systolic function are normal (LVEF >%. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are moderately thickened. There is a minimally increased gradient consistent with minimal aortic valve stenosis. Trace aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve appears structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation. There is mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension. There is an anterior space which most likely represents a fat pad. -Compared with the prior study (images reviewed of , the estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is slightly higher. Liver/Gallbladder Ultrasound : IMPRESSION: No focal liver lesions. No ascites. Abdomen Radiograph : IMPRESSION: No evidence of obstruction or ileus. CT Chest W/O Contrast : IMPRESSION: . Persistent severe consolidation in the right middle lobe, showing improved aeration, but no bronchial obstruction, probably inadequately treated pneumonia. . Bilateral pleural effusion, small on the right, very small on the left, improved since , and lymphatic engorgement in the upper lungs, probably indication of cardiac dysfunction as well as volume overload. Probable calcific aortic stenosis. . Stigmata of cirrhosis, not fully evaluated on this study. CT Head W/O Contrast : IMPRESSION: No acute abnormality seen. EEG : IMPRESSION: This is an abnormal routine EEG recording due to the slow and disorganized pattern, the left anterior temporal lower amplitude recording and the right temporal intermittent focal slowing. The first abnormality suggests widespread mild encephalopathy of a metabolic, ischemic, or medication etiology. The second abnormality suggests a cerebral or extra-cerebral abnormality interfering with the voltage of the recording such as a hematoma or severe cortical abnormality. The last abnormality suggests a subcortical dysfunction in the right temporal area. Of note was the atrial fibrillation. If capturing discrete episodes of unconsciousness or unresponsiveness is the main objective of this study, a more prolonged EEG telemetry should be considered. Chest Radiograph : FINDINGS: Lungs are hyperinflated and the diaphragms are flattened, consistent with COPD. Compared with , there is a new small right pleural effusion extending into the minor fissure. Again seen is patchy opacity at the right base, consistent with collapse and/or consolidation. No CHF. The right mid and upper zones of the left lung remain grossly clear. No gross left-sided effusion. Asymmetric pleural thickening is noted at the right lung apex. Brief Hospital Course: year old male with cirrhosis, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, history of tobacco abuse and recent pneumonia presenting with dyspnea, fevers, and mental status changes. Altered mental status: At presentation the patient was minimally responsive and seemed quite somnolent. As he was started on treatment for presumed infection and hydrated his mental status improved so that later in the day on (the patient was admitted overnight his family thought his ability to answer questions and participate with conversation was near his baseline though his responses were still delayed. The patient continued to have a rather odd affect and answered questions with brief, simple responses but he was alert and oriented* and could answer questions in an appropriate manner. He maintained minimal insight, however, into the the circumstances of his hospitalization or his health in general. On the patient was noted to have a decompensation where he would transiently have periods of staring into space and becoming less responsive for seconds at at time. Between these episodes he appeared in his normal state of alertness. He was evaluated by neurology, had a second head CT (that remained without acute changes, and had an essentially benign lumbar puncture. EEG on revealed a diffuse slowing pattern consistent with unclear encephalopathy but was negative for epileptiform activity. Neurology also considered a diagnosis of parkinsomism being responsible for his delayed responses and somewhat labored speech perhaps worsened by his chronic anti-psychotic drug therapy. Nevertheless, as the patient was switched to a different pneumonia regimen (see below and generally improved back to his baseline the suspicion was that the patient had intermittent toxic-metabolic delirium due to his presumed pneumonia that improved with treatment of his infection. B levels and TSH levels were also checked to rule out reversible causes of delirium and were normal. At time of discharge, the patient's wife thought his mental status was at his baseline. Pneumonia: At presentation the patient had a persistent infiltrate consistent with unresolved pneumonia. Further imaging including CT chest were consistent with this. The patient initially received pipercillin-tazobactam and vancomycin in the ICU but this was switched to levofloxacin and vancomycin on his first full day in the hospital as despite his pneumonia his presentation seemed less consistent with sepsis and this was thought unlikely to be hospital-associated pneumonia as it had been over a month since his previous discharge. His respiratory symptoms improved somewhat though he continued to get asymptomatically hypoxic to the high 's on room air and even at the time of discharge required -L O by nasal cannula to maintain O sats >%. He also continued to spike fevers. On he was switched from levofloxacin to pipercillin tazobactam with eventual resolution of his fevers. His persistent hypoxia was thought most likely consistent with resolving pneumonia in the context of his underlying lung disease (COPD. He was discharged to finish an additional seven days of pipercillin-tazobactam therapy (for a total of ten days on this antibiotic. Given concern for his mental status and aspiration a repeat speech and swallow evaluation was performed and consistent with the results of the last such evaluation during his previous hospitalization he was not observed to be aspirating. Hypotension: The patient was hypotensive at presentation but this resolved with fluid boluses and never recurred. Presumably, this initial hypotension was due to volume depletion in the context of decreased PO intake in the context of illness and increased insensible losses due to fever. Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation: On presentation the patient was bradycardic but this resolved without intervention. He then became tachycardic with Afib with RVR to rates in the 's. He was restarted on his home flecainide dose with better rates. He was also continued on his home aspirin (he is not on coumadin as he has been considered a fall risk. Eventually, low dose beta blocker was added for additive rate control. Cytopenias: The patient has chronic anemia and thrombocytopenia that were essentially stable during his hospital course. Given his history of pernicious anemia and lack of B supplementation B level was checked and was supra-normal (folate level was also normal. He has had past hematologic work up for this problem without a clear source identified though he is on multiple medications (valproate, flecainide that can cause marrow suppression and he also had signs of cirrhosis on imaging, which can lead to cytopenias due to sequestration. Once hemolysis was ruled out by smear and labs and has his counts remained stable further work up was deferred in the context of his more acute issues. Bipolar Affective Disorder: The patient was continued on his home doses of valproate and olanzapine with stable affect. Cirrhosis: Imaging findings on his CT exam were consistent with cirrhosis and previous notes mention a history of hepatitis C though he has had negative antibody tests in the past (antibodies to Hep B have also been negative. Possible etiologies could include past alcohol use vs Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis vs cryptogenic cirrhosis. As there were no signs of acute decompensation this issue was deferred to outpatient management and he was set up for outpatient follow up in hepatology clinic. Recent fall: The patient had a recent fall leading to abrasions on his lower extremities. These were cared for with local measures. PT evaluation suggested the patient would need near constant assistance and recommended acute rehab. He and his wife expressed a preference for being sent home with multiple services including home PT and this was set up prior to discharge. The patient was fed a full, cardiac diet. He was full code. Medications on Admission: Olanzapine mg PO daily Rantidine mg PO daily Thaimine mg PO daily Vanco mg aily Albuterol PRN ASA choleystyramine Dig . PO daily Ferrous gluconate mg PO daily Flecainide mg Po daily furosemide daily Lopresor mg PO B Depakote mg QAM, mg QPM Discharge Medications: . Aspirin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Cholestyramine-Sucrose gram Packet Sig: One ( Packet PO B ( times a day. . Divalproex mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. . Divalproex mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QPM (once a day (in the evening. . Digoxin mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Ferrous Sulfate mg ( mg Iron Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Olanzapine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Ranitidine HCl mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Multivitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Flecainide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours. . Vancomycin in Dextrose gram/ mL Piggyback Sig: One ( gram Intravenous Q H (Every Hours for days. Disp:* gram* Refills:** . Piperacillin-Tazobactam-Dextrs . gram/ mL Piggyback Sig: . grams Intravenous QH (every hours for days. Disp:*qs grams* Refills:** . Sodium Chloride . % . % Parenteral Solution Sig: Ten ( ML Intravenous PRN (as needed as needed for line flush: Flush mL PRN line flush PICC, non-heparin dependent: Flush with mL Normal Saline daily and PRN per lumen. Disp:* ML(s* Refills:** . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for fever,pain. Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Discharge Diagnosis: Diagnoses: Pneumonia Bipolar Affective Disorder Parkinsonism ? Discharge Condition: All vital signs stable, Mental status back to baseline. % on L via nasal cannula. Afebrile hours. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted for altered mental status and trouble breathing. Ultimately, we think this was due to your pneumonia recurring. We gave you antibiotics to treat your pneumonia but because your mental status remained a bit worse than normal we also did scans of your head and a lumbar puncture to make sure you didn't have infection or bleeding. Your studies did not show these. You are being discharged to finish recovering from pneumonia. Your medications have been changed. Please take your medications as prescribed. Please come to your local ED or call your doctor if you have worsening of your breathing, chest pain, fevers, chills, shortness of breath, or any other concerning changes in your health. Followup Instructions: MD: Dr. Specialty: PCP Date and time: :pm Location: , number: Appointment MD: Dr. Specialty: Gastroentrologist- Liver Center Date and time: :am Location: , number: , M.D. : : : , ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1
1121,39793,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Nausea, vomiting, found to have diabetic ketoacidosis Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: yo F with DM (presumed Type - diagnosed who presents with several weeks of nausea, recently with vomiting and lower back pain. She reports hospitalizations for DKA in past - all at - including at the time of her diagosis. She states that she has not been taking her insulin reguarly. She has been drinking water and diet ginger ale. She has been so weak that she has been in bed. Fingersticks have been between - > assay. She reports recent treatment for Chlamydia, and is unclear about her dietary and medical compliance. She notes significant social stressors with her year old son, who is also a diabetic. Past Medical History: Insulin dependent DM, known since Anxiety/depression Social History: Occupation: not currently employed, was in cosmetology Drugs: no Tobacco: social Alcohol: Bacardi on weekends - one shot Other: Family History: - Mother: h/o CVA - Father: Diabetes - Son (y: Diabetes, insulin dependent - Grandparents: DM, hx of premature CAD Physical Exam: GEN: NAD VS: . / % on RA HEENT: MMM, no OP lesions, JVP flat, neck is supple, no cervical, supraclavicular, or axillary LAD CV: RR, NL SS no SS MRG PULM: CTAB ABD: BS+, soft, NTND, no masses or HSM, no stigmata of chronic liver disease LIMBS: No LE edema, no tremors or asterixis, no clubbing SKIN: No rashes or skin breakdown NEURO: A+Ox , conversive, moving all extrem spontaneously, sits up easily in bed Pertinent Results: Hematology: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-. Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-.* RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-. Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. Hct-.* Chemistries: :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :PM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl-* HCO-* AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-.* Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-. Mg-. :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Acetone-SMALL :AM BLOOD HIV Ab-NEGATIVE :PM BLOOD Type- pO-* pCO-* pH-.* calTCO-* BaseS-- Brief Hospital Course: yo F with DM who presents with nausea/vomiting and found to be in DKA. Unclear medication compliance leading up to the admission. DKA: On presentation the patient was admitted to the medical ICU with an anion gap of , and both serum and urine were positive for acetones. She received aggressive fluid resuscitation and electrolyte repletion in conjunction with an insulin GTT until her AG normalized, at which time she was transitioned to a diabetic diet and an ISS recommendations in lieu of a GTT. She was transferred to the medicine floor with a normal AG and sugars in the -s and was hemodynamically stable, but had some difficulty with dietary choices and developed elevated blood sugars when first on the floors. Presumed etiology of DKA is chlamydia infection in the setting of an IUD, now removed, and a partner with known chlamydia infection; she received treatment weeks prior to presentation and has OB-GYN follow-up the week following . Other infectious etiologies were investigated but cultures were negative. ACS was ruled out with EKG, which showed no ischemic changes, and negative CEs . Patient had a negative chest x-ray as well as negative u/a. There are also some issues with patient medication non-compliance and difficulty in understanding her insulin medication regimen, dietary needs, and the importance of close followup. She expressed understanding and her questions were addressed. h/o Chlamydia: As described above. Also had sexual intercourse with current partner who has known chlamydia infection year ago circa her last DKA. Treatment and follow-up as described above. Social issues: Social work consult requested to provide support to the patient, whose son has special needs. also recommended referral to psychiatry, for which patient has an appointment. Medications on Admission: Lantus units qam Humalog qid per sliding scale Metformin mg po qid Lisinopril (does not take - causes dizziness and nausea Discharge Medications: . Nicotine mg/ hr Patch hr Sig: One ( Patch hr Transdermal DAILY (Daily for weeks. Disp:* Patch hr(s* Refills:** . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: One ( units Subcutaneous once a day: Please take your glargine (or lantus with dinner. Disp:*qs one month supply* Refills:** . Humalog sliding scale was written and outlined by the team evaluating the patient, and a copy was provided to the patient. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, type I, poorly controlled, with diabetic ketoacidosis. Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted with diabetic ketoacidosis. We did not find evidence of infection. You were initially admitted to the ICU, and started on an insulin drip. You were then restarted on a higher insulin sliding scale and higher dose of lantus than you had been taking before coming to the hospital. It will be essential for you to keep your appointments at the , they can help you further adjust your insulin regimen. You may also want to ask about seeing a nutritionist there, to help you with counting your carbohydrates and maintaining a balanced diet. You were provided with information to re-institute your Masshealth, and it is very important that you call back to make sure that application goes through. Followup Instructions: You have a follow up with Dr. on @ : AM in the clinic. You also have an appointment with Behavioral Health at the @ PM with Dr. . Please make sure to call Dr when you notice that you have less than a week of insulin left, so they can give you new prescriptions or refills. ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,1
1142,26032,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Aspirin / Meperidine / Iodine : Chief Complaint: chest pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: coronary catheterization with percutaneous coronary intervention History of Present Illness: This is a with PMH of HTN, fibromyalgia, and breast cancer who was transferred from hypertensive crisis and likely acute pulmonary edema. Per OSH notes, the patient presented with moderate respiratory distress and complaining of chest pressure that woke her from sleep. Electively intubated for resp distress/hypoxia, given lopressor for HTN, Solumedrol mg, tequin mg. A chest CT ruled out dissection. Also received vercuronium, vasotec, and lasix. CK , trop I .. . At , EKG showed NSR wave inversions in I,, L, throughout the precordial leads, Q, LVH. new T wave inversions, also consistent with HOCM. Initially thought to be endocardial ischemia from hypertension, not acute coronary syndrome. She was started on nitro drip, propofol, plavix, ceftriaxone, and azithromycin. Past Medical History: . Bifem bypass . s/p Right mastectomy, brca . Hypertension . fibromyalgia Social History: Quit smoking - years ago Family History: NC Physical Exam: T ., BP / HR RR , RR , % LNC Gen- lying in bed, awake, alert, extubated HEENT- right pupil mm, left mm minimally reactive to light, mmm, JVD ~cm Neck- no lymphadenopathy, supple Cor- nl s s rrr no murmurs Pulm- CTAB no wheezes Chest: left breast absent, well healed surgical incision Abd- soft, NT, ND + BS Ext- WWP, radial + bilaterally, DP , PT bilaterally Pertinent Results: Na Cl BUN Gluc AGap= K . HCO Cr . Ca: . Mg: . P: . . WBC . HB . Plat Hct . . CK: MB: Trop-*T*: . am CK: MB: Trop-*T*: . pm CK: MB: Trop-*T*: . :p . PTT: . . LDH: ALT: AP: Tbili: . AST: LDL . CXR: CXR: NG tube just beyond GE junction, small bilateral pleural effusions, peribronchial cuffing, cardiomegaly with bilateral pulmonary edema and a few B lines. EKG: as above . sputum gram stain + GPC in pairs GPC in pairs in short chains urine cx PENDING Brief Hospital Course: Patient is a year-old woman with a history of fibromyalgia, HTN, PVD who was originally admitted to the MICU for hypertensive crisis and likely acute pulmonary edema who then developed an NSTEMI and ? tricuspid endocarditis. She was then transferred to the CCU and the following issues were addressed during her stay: . - CARDIAC Ischemia: While being treated in the MICU for acute pulmonary edema, patient developed NSTEMI with peak CK and Trop .. Patient was sent for coronary catheterization on and received drug-eluting stents to LCx and D. Patient received Integrillin hours post-cath and was maintained on Aspirin , Plavix , Metoprolol , Lisinopril and Atorvastatin . . HTN: Patient with severe HTN, admitted in hypertensive crisis. Patient's blood pressure remained difficult to control initially, and several agents were required for control. Patient could not tolerate increase in beta blocker due to HR in s, and patient was discharged on ToprolL , Lisinopril , Norvasc , Hydralazine PO qh, Aldactone , Imdur PO qd, and Clonidine Patch. Patient received a renal MRI/MRA to rule out stenosis, and this showed... . PUMP: showed EF -% + TR or + MR, e/a . indicative of LV diastolic dysfunction. Patient was started on Lasix mg PO QD and Spironolactone mg PO qd. Beta blocker as above. Patient to follow-up with PCP for electrolytes check. . RHYTHM: While on the floor, patient developed Atrial Fibrillation and Atrial Flutter that then reverted to sinus rhythm under beta blocker. Patient was started on Coumadin and maintained on Heparin drip until INR was therapeutic. Electrophysiology team was consulted and advised EP study with possible ablation; however, given concerns for endocarditis, further management was deferred to outpatient follow-up. Patient to see Dr. in Cardiology and Dr. in Electrophysiology. Patient was discharged home on of Hearts for monitoring. . RIGHT ATRIAL LESION (THROMBUS VS. VEGETATION: Seen on and with ? of subacute endocardititis. Patient was without clinical signs of endocarditis, however had / bottles on grew Strep Viridans. Subsequent surveillance blood cultures were negative (though on Antibiotics. Patient was initially started on Vancomycin and gentamicin, and these were changed to Penicillin once sensitivities were confirmed. Repeat was done on , and mass/vegetation was thought not to be endocarditis Patient had double-lumen PICC placed by Interventional Radiology and will continue Antibiotics at home for total weeks. . PFO: Small PFO seen on and . Patient received bubble study on which was unrevealing. PFOs seen in % of the population, no further work-up necessary. Patient without history of stroke. . - RESPIRATORY ACUTE PULMONARY EDEMA: Patient admitted to the MICU in respiratory distress s/p intubation, thought to be secondary to acute pulmonary edema. Diuresis improved pulmonary congestion on CXR and patient was subsequently extubated. Initially, patient received empiric course of Vancomycin given leukocytosis and concern for underlying PNA, which was later discontinued given lack of clinical and radiologic suspicion. Patient with wheezing on exam maintained on inhaled steroids. . LEUKOCYTOSIS: Patient with leukocytosis to . at after receiving stress-dose steroids at OSH. Multiple possible etiologies including stress-response, steroids, ? endocarditis, MI, ? other infection. Given concerns for endocarditis, patient was treated as per above. Leukocytosis resolved with extubation, NSTEMI intervention, and with Abx therapy. Patient was afebrile throughout hospital course. Repeat cultures negative. . ASYMMETRIC PUPILS: Head CT done for concerns of possible ICH, no mass effect or bleed seen. Later learned that patient has history of cataract surgery. . HYPERGLYCEMIA Patient hyperglycemic on presentation with glucose of , thought to be secondary to steroids administration. Hyperglycemia covered with RISS, self-resolved. HgbAC . on . SS susbequently dc'd and sugars stable off steroids. Medications on Admission: . enalapril . nifediac cc mg . loratadine . percocet . flonase. Discharge Medications: . Clopidogrel mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** . Warfarin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . ToprolL mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO once a day. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release HR(s* Refills:** . Hydralazine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Spironolactone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Isosorbide Mononitrate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: Two ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release HR(s* Refills:** . Amlodipine mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Clonidine . mg/ hr Patch Weekly Sig: One ( Patch Weekly Transdermal QTUES (every Tuesday: Please change patch every Tuesday and use as directed. Disp:* Medium Trade Size* Refills:** . Ipratropium Bromide mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation Q ( times a day. Disp:* Medium trade size* Refills:** . Outpatient Lab Work Potassium, INR, platelets . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . PICC Line care Please perform PICC line care per protocol . Penicillin G Potassium ,, unit Recon Soln Sig: Three ( doses Injection QH (every hours for weeks. Disp:* doses* Refills:** . Oxycodone mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO QH (every hours. Disp:* Tablet Sustained Release HR(s* Refills:** . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q-H (every to hours as needed for pain. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Outpatient Lab Work Blood cultures - to be drawn at appointment with outpatient primary care physician and results relayed to primary care physician. fax results to Dr. (infectious disease department at at ( Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Physician Discharge Diagnosis: . CAD s/p NSTEMI s/p DES to LCx, D . Atrial flutter/Atrial Fibrillation . Hypertension . Endocarditis . PVD s/p Bifemoral bypass . Breast CA s/p right mastectomy . Fibromyalgia Discharge Condition: hemodynamically stable, feeling well, muscle pain under control. . On an MRI of the abdomen, it was found that you have R renal arteries, which are both patent(open; however we could not assess adequately the Left renal artery because there was interference from the aortoiliac graft in your abdomen. On your follow up with Dr. , please discuss this issue. Tell him the radiologists recommended a CT-A to better assess this artery. Discharge Instructions: . Please take all medications as prescribed . Please make all follow-up appointments . If you develop chest pain, shortness of breath, palpitations, or any other concerning signs/symptoms, please contact your PCP or report to the nearest Emergency Facility Followup Instructions: You have an appointment with your primary care physician on at : AM. Dr. . You will need to have blood drawn to check your INR and potassium on Friday. You will need repeat blood cultures drawn when you see your primary care physician. will need your primary care physician to set up an MRI of the Lumbar spine. . LAB TESTING : : : . , : : : AM . . : : : AM . , Infectious Disease. : : : AM :",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1130,28457,": : Service: SURGERY Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Rectal prolapse Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Suture rectopexy Rigid bronchoscopy and stent placement History of Present Illness: Ms. is a year old female who presented to -ED on from an OSH for treatment of a recurrent rectal prolapse. She is s/p an Altmeier procedure by Dr. , she was admitted to the surgical service for further management. Past Medical History: Rectal prolapse s/p recent surgery PPM placement, unclear reason Hypertension CHF CAD s/p MI (per ED, but patient denies s/p broken hip and repair s/p TAH Social History: Lives alone in . Widowed (husband died at age . Denies tobacco, EtOH, or drug use Family History: Non-contributory Physical Exam: Upon admission: . / % room air Gen: Uncomfortable appearing CV: Regular rate and rhythm Abd: Soft, non-distended Rectum: Prolapsed, irreducible, globular appears bright red, edematous, frank blood Pertinent Results: Operative note : Respiratory failure secondary to severe cervical tracheomalacia. PROCEDURE: Rigid bronchoscopy, flexible bronchoscopy, metallic covered stent placement and balloon dilatation. GYN Porcedure note; Procedures: estrace cream applied to prolpased vault, gellhorn pessary placed without difficulty Echo : IMPRESSION: Symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal global and regional systolic function. Mild aortic regurgitation. Moderate tricuspid regurgitation. Moderate pulmonary hypertension. Mildly dilated thoracic aorta. Persantine MIBI/ Stress test: IMPRESSION: There is a small, mildly severe reversible perfusion defect in the anteroapical wall. There is normal left ventricular wall motion and cavity size. IMPRESSION: No anginal type symptoms or ischemic EKG changes. Nuclear report sent separately. Chest-ray : IMPRESSION: No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. Cardiology Report ECG Study Date of :: PM Baseline artifact. Atrial paced rhythm with a rate of about beats per minute with A-V interval of about milliseconds. Native QRS shows left ventricular conduction delay with left axis deviation. Compared to the previous tracing of no diagnostic change. Chest CT : Moderate layering non-hemorrhagic bilateral pleural effusions, with secondary bibasilar atelectasis and retained secretions in occluded right basilar segmental bronchi. Focal tracheomalacia in the upper trachea. Large left goiter. Left lower lobe opacity could represent aspiration. Low attenuation in the mid pole of the right kidney, incompletely characterized. This may represent sequelae of cortical scarring, but an ultrasound is recommended to exclude an underlying lesion. Bilateral upper extremitiy ultrasound: IMPRESSION: Thrombosis in the right internal jugular vein. Thyroid ultrasound: IMPRESSION: Successful ultrasound-guided aspiration of large heterogeneous left thyroid lobe which extends into the superior mediastinum. Chest-ray : Tracheal stent remains in place with a distal portion of the stent just above the level of the clavicles. Vascular catheter and permanent pacemaker are unchanged in position. Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged but stable in size. Vascular engorgement and perihilar haziness are slightly worse compared to the prior study. Bibasilar opacities predominantly in the retrocardiac region with adjacent pleural effusions are unchanged allowing for lower lung volumes. There is increasing distension of bowel loops in the upper abdomen as compared to the previous study. This is incompletely assessed on this chest radiograph, and dedicated abdominal radiograph could be obtained for more complete evaluation if warranted clinically. Chest-ray : IMPRESSION: Increased lung volumes but overall no significant change in bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar opacities that are concerning for pneumonia. : MRSA SCREEN Site: NASOPHARYNX Source: Nasal swab. **FINAL REPORT ** MRSA SCREEN (Final : No MRSA isolated. FNA, Thyroid, left nodule: ATYPICAL. The specimen consists of mostly blood and a single group of atypical cells. Note: Clinical follow-up is suggested. Re-biopsy may be considered if clinically appropriate. Cardiology Report ECG Study Date of :: PM Atrial fibrillation Ventricular premature complex Intraventricular conduction delay with left axis deviation - may be atypical left bundle branch block Delayed R wave progression - could be due in part to left axis deviation/intraventricular delay or possible prior septal myocardial infarction ST-T wave abnormalities - could be in part intraventricular conduction delay Since previous tracing of , atrial fibrillation absent GENERAL URINE INFORMATION Type Color Appear Sp :PM Straw Clear . Source: CVS DIPSTICK URINALYSIS Blood Nitrite Protein Glucose Ketone Bilirub Urobiln pH Leuks :PM TR NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG . MOD Source: CVS MICROSCOPIC URINE EXAMINATION RBC WBC Bacteri Yeast Epi TransE RenalEp :PM - -* FEW NONE - Source: CVS Admission labs: WBC RBC Hgb Hct MCV MCH MCHC RDW Plt Ct . .* .* .* . . . Glucose UreaN Creat Na K Cl HCO AnGap * * . . Calcium Phos Mg . . . calTIBC Ferritn TRF :PM PITUITARY TSH :AM . Discharge labs: COMPLETE BLOOD COUNT WBC RBC Hgb Hct MCV MCH MCHC RDW Plt Ct :AM . .* .* .* . . . PT PTT Plt Ct INR(PT :AM .* . .* RENAL & GLUCOSE Glucose UreaN Creat Na K Cl HCO AnGap :AM . . * proBNP :AM * Calcium Phos Mg UricAcd Iron :AM . . . Brief Hospital Course: Ms. presented with recurrent rectal prolapse and admitted to the surgical service for further management. A cardiology consult was placed for pre-operative clearance, which included, beta-blockade, diuresis, Persantine MIBI, Echo, and EKG; she had no anginal symptoms or ST segment changes and was cleared to proceed with surgical intervention. HD , she underwent a suture rectopexy without complication, post-operatively she required re-intubation in recovery room secondary to respiratory distress, she was transferred to intensive care unit for close monitoring. Pulm: POD , she underwent a CT scan of the chest secondary to failed weaning attempts despite intravenous steroids, bedside bronchoscopies, and nebulizer treatments, she was found to have focal tracheomalacia in the upper trachea and a large left goiter, thoracic surgery was consulted along with Interventional Pulmonary; she was taken back to the OR on POD , and underwent a rigid bronchoscopy and placement of a metallic stent without complication. She was extubated without difficulty and was successfully weaned to liters nasal cannula. At the time of discharge she had continued improvement in her oxygenation with the assistance of liters nasal cannula, and nebulizer treatments; although she continued to experience an intermittent sensation of food being stuck without signs or symptoms of aspiration, a chest-ray done on POD demonstrated the stent to be in good position with overall improvement in her bibasilar pleural effusions, she was continued on daily diuresis of Lasix which was to continue for additional days. She was to follow-up on as an out-patient with IP for a bronchoscopy. CV: Patient has a known atrial pacemaker placed for recurrent syncope. POD , she developed atrial fibrillation, her beta-blockade was increased with a good effect, she was transfused intra-operatively, and remained hemodynamically stable post-operatively. POD , an upper extremity ultrasound demonstrated a right internal jugular thrombus, anticoagulation was started. At time of discharge she was on subcutaneous Lovenox and Coumadin, her INR was ., she was to receive daily PT/INR checks with Coumadin dosing accordingly. At the time of discharge she had good rate control in the 's, was normotensive, and was to continue on oral Metoprolol. GI: NPO with intravenous hydration until after tracheal stent placement. POD , her diet was advanced which she tolerated well, she had +flatus, a bowel movement after an enema. She had calorie counts which demonstrated adequate oral intake with Ensure supplementation. At the time of discharge she was to continue on oral stool softeners and laxatives along with enemas as needed for optimal bowel management. GU/GYN: Foley catheter removed on POD , she was voiding without difficulty at the time of discharge although she had periods of incontinence secondary to daily Lasix therapy. A urinalysis was positive for bacteria, Bactrim DS was started on POD , and was to continue for a total of seven days. At time of admission for the rectal prolapse she was evaluated by the GYN service for a vaginal vault prolapse, a pessary was placed, there is a known foul odor associated with the pessary which was treated with a trimo-san cream kit. She was to follow-up in the gyn clinic on . Skin: Abdominal staples intact at time of discharge, small amount of drainage at lowest portion of incision, staples to be removed in week at the rehab facility. Groin folds and inner thighs with erythematous, excoriated, moist appearing areas, topical Miconazole powder initiated and to be continued at time of discharge. Pain: Minimal incisional discomfort at time of discharge which responded well to oral Tylenol as needed. Endo: Thyroid fine needle aspiration performed on POD , for left thyroid goiter found on CT scan, thyroid stimulating hormone within normal limits. Blood glucose levels followed every six hours with a Regular Insulin Sliding Scale, glucose levels well controlled at time of discharge, with serum glucose levels in the range. MSK: Followed by physical therapy throughout hospitalization with recommendation of transfer to rehabilitation facility for continued improvement in strength, functional mobility, and gait. : Remained afebrile without leukocytosis, Bactrim DS started for a total of a seven day course for a urinary tract infection. Patient was transferred in stable condition on to Rehabilitation facility. Medications on Admission: Lopressor Senna Colace Discharge Medications: . Nystatin ,: Five ( ML PO Q ( times a day as needed. . Albuterol Sulfate . % Solution Sig: One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for wheezes, SOB. . Lidocaine HCl % Solution Sig: Five ( ML Injection Q-H ( as needed for cough. . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution Sig: One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Ipratropium Bromide mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation Q-H (every to hours as needed. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day: Hold for loose stool. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day: Hold for loose stool. . Glycerin (Adult g Suppository Sig: One ( Suppository Rectal once a day as needed for constipation. . : . Tablets PO T ( times a day: Hold for SBP < Hold for HR < . . Furosemide mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily for days. . Enoxaparin mg/. mL Syringe Sig: One ( Subcutaneous QH (every hours: Until INR between and . . Miconazole Nitrate % Powder Sig: One ( Appl Topical Q ( times a day as needed: Be sure area cleaned and dried well before applying powder. . Trimethoprim-Sulfamethoxazole - mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day for days. . Guaifenesin mg Tablet Sustained Release Sig: Two ( Tablet Sustained Release PO B ( times a day as needed for stent management. . Coumadin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once QHS . . Coumadin dosing Sig: One ( once a day: Will need daily dosing until INR between and . . Blood test Sig: One ( once a day: PT, INR once a day until INR between and . . Blood test Sig: One ( once a week: Chemistry panel once a week while on oral Lasix with electrolyte replacement as needed: Sodium, Potassium,Chloride,Bicarbonate,BUN,Creatinine and Glucose. . Mineral Oil Oil Sig: Thirty ( ML PO B ( times a day for days: Hold for loose stool. . Tylenol mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO every - hours as needed for pain. . Trimo-San . % Gel Sig: One ( Vaginal once a day as needed for vaginal odor or itching. . Regular Insulin Sliding Scale Sig: Follow sliding scale every six ( hours: Breakfast,Lunch, and Dinner: Glucose/ Insulin Dose - mg/dL p D - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units < mg/dL NOTIFY Bedtime - mg/dL p D - mg/dL units - mg/dL unit - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units - mg/dL units > mg/dL NOTIFY . . Potassium Chloride mEq Packet Sig: One ( PO once a day for days: WHILE ON LASIX ONLY. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: Rectal and vaginal prolapse Tracheomalacia Left thyroid goiter Urinary tract infection Right internal jugular thrombus Congestive heart failure Post-operative atrial fibrillation Pulmonary hypertension Bilateral post-operative pleural effusions Discharge Condition: Stable Discharge Instructions: Notify/NP/PA/RN/Aide at rehabilitation facility if you experience: *Increased or persistent pain *Fever > . *Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or abdominal distention *Inability to pass gas, stool, or urine *If incision develops redness or drainage *Shortness of breath or chest pain *Bleeding or bruising from any part of the body *Any other symptoms concerning to you Followup Instructions: ,TEN : : ,IP PROC IP PROCEDURES : : ,ROOM ONE IP ROOMS : : MUST BE NPO FROM AM until after procedure on Follow-up in clinic on : ; call if needs to reschedule. Follow-up with Dr. in weeks, call for an appointment :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1536,50602,": : : Sex: M Service: CME HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a -year-old gentleman with a history of diabetes type with last hemoglobin AC in of percent who was in his usual state of health until the morning of admission when he noticed that his blood glucoses were abnormally high in the to range and that he felt nauseated. Patient vomited times two. The emesis was non-bloody and non-bilious. He denied any chest pain, shortness of breath, palpitations. No dyspnea on exertion but states that he did have limited exercise tolerance secondary to gait imbalance. Patient had stable two-pillow orthopnea, no postnasal drip, positive lower extremity edema in the past controlled with a water pill. Patient states that he has never had a stress test echo or other cardiac workup. Patient's CAD risk factors include diabetes type , hypertension, his age, gender, obesity, sedentary lifestyle. The patient went to an outside hospital secondary to his high blood sugars and nausea and vomiting. At the outside hospital he continued to have dry heaves and CK was ., MB was pending, AST , ALT . The patient's EKG at the outside hospital revealed an isolated Q wave in Lead and ST elevations in V through V. He was transferred to the for further management. CK at the initially was with an MB of and troponin .. EKG was unchanged from prior at the outside hospital. Cardiology was consulted and patient was started on Heparin and renally dosed b inhibitor. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Type diabetes; most recent hemoglobin AC in was . His diabetes is complicated by peripheral neuropathy and question of Parkinson's disease, history of lacunar infarct, history of depression, history of left-sided Bell's palsy, status post cholecystectomy, status post appendectomy. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies. MEDICATIONS: . Lantus units q. h.s. . Regular insulin sliding scale. . Paxil. . . . Lasix. . Blood pressure medicines that are unknown at time of admission. SOCIAL HISTORY: Patient is married with children. He is a former car salesman. No tobacco. Rare ETOH. FAMILY HISTORY: Father drowned. Mother has diabetes mellitus and sister has coronary artery disease. LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION: White count ., hematocrit ., platelet count , neutrophils , lymphs, . monos, . eos. Coags: . for PT, PTT ., INR is ., CK , MB , index ., troponin .. Lytes: for sodium, potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., glucose . EKG: Sinus rhythm, , normal axis, normal intervals, elevation V through V, . depressions V and V, Q waves in Lead, evidence of left ventricular hypertrophy and left atrial abnormally. Chest-ray is consistent with congestive heart failure. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Patient's vitals are as follows: Temperature is ., blood pressure is /, respiratory rate is , patient is satting at percent on liters. Generally, the patient is a well developed male in no acute distress, alert and oriented times three. HEENT: Jugular venous distention is cm, no lymphadenopathy, otherwise extraocular movements intact. Oropharynx is clear with moist mucous membranes. Heart is regular rate and rhythm, a normal S, normal S, and positive for S, pulmonary bibasilar crackles, right greater than left; no rales. Abdomen is obese, soft, nontender, nondistended with no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM: Patient was taken to the Catheterization Lab. He had a right heart coronary angiography, rotablator, and drug-eluting stent of proximal mid left anterior descending. Patient's cardiac output was ., index .. His pulmonary capillary wedge was , PA pressure /, mean was , and the results of the catheterization were as follows: Left anterior descending percent proximal long, percent mid, diffuse disease distally up to percent first diagonal, percent proximal, percent distal of the left circumflex, and percent PDA bifurcating obtuse marginal with percent upper branch and percent lower branch, right coronary artery percent origin, probably nondominant. Patient also had an intraprocedure echo performed which revealed a depressed ejection fraction at approximately percent with a relative preservation on inferolateral wall. Post myocardial infarction patient was maintained on an intra- aortic balloon pump. The patient had three TAXUS stents placed to his left anterior descending. Post procedure patient was brought to the Cardiac Care Unit. Patient's hematocrit dropped to ., had been .. Though he was hemodynamically stable he later developed respiratory distress, was intubated, two pressors were started for hypotension. Chest-ray was performed which revealed no congestive heart failure with patchy infiltrates. The patient was started on Levophed as well as Dopamine. There was concern that patient may have down stents. He was taken to the Catheterization Lab for a re-look which revealed that all stents were patent, and at that time he was placed on an intra-aortic balloon pump. Patient returned to the CCU on Levophed and Dopamine as well as a balloon pump. His status overnight worsened and patient's hematocrit dropped to .. He received four units of packed red blood cells, four units of fresh frozen plasma, one bag of platelets, units of vitamin K. Had a CT which was positive for right-sided intrapleural hematoma as well as an extra pleural hematoma. On further view of the CT films it became evident that the patient had a cracked rib. On discussing the case with the Cardiac Medicine team that initially had the patient overnight, it became evident that patient had a ventricular fibrillation arrest in the Emergency Room and did received chest compressions for a short period of time. In total, patient received a total of units of packed red blood cells, units of platelets, four bags of fresh frozen plasma, and vitamin K. Post myocardial infarction patient was weaned off of his intra-aortic balloon pump. His cardiac status was stabilized on Lopressor, Hydralazine, as well as Isordil. Captopril was held off given the patient did have chronic renal insufficiency. Patient's cardiac status remained stable throughout his hospitalization. His blood pressures remained mildly hypertensive to normotensive. Pump: Patient was initially maintained on p.r.n. Lasix and later changed to Natrecor along with p.r.n. Lasix boluses. Patient's creatinine bumped to . on the Natrecor along with p.r.n. boluses were discontinued. Patient also had a Swan placed as line status and his numbers were as follows: RV , number at cm, pH / at cm, pulmonary capillary wedge at , cardiac output ., index ., and SVR . These findings were felt to be consistent with a sepsis. Patient was placed on broad spectrum antibiotics including Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl. His Natrecor was stopped. The cortisol was checked, which was within normal limits. Patient's cardiac output and index continue to improve on antibiotics and by date of transfer his cardiac output was ., index ., SVR . Patient was replaced on Lasix GTT and diuresed well. His creatinine remained stable. Rhythm: Throughout his hospitalization patient remained in normal sinus rhythm but did have evidence of an supraventricular tachycardia with three-beat run to the max. Electrophysiology was consulted and felt that patient would likely need an ICD once extubated and medically stable. The patient's electrolytes were kept off. Pulmonary: For patient's right-sided hemothorax patient had chest tubes placed by Cardiothoracic Surgery. Patient initially had aggressive output, but then output fell. A video-assisted thoracic surgery was performed with drainage of bloody fluid. Post VATS right-sided chest tubes were placed. Patient had minimal drainage at these chest tubes and in the setting of a mild decrease in hematocrit, a noncontrast CT was obtained. Per the radiologist there was evidence that there may be some new areas of oozing. The case was discussed with Cardiothoracic Surgery who felt that patient did not have evidence of active bleeding. Patient's chest tubes were pulled. Patient's hematocrit remained stable. Extubation, however, was very difficult. The patient was very difficult to wean from AC mode of ventilation. Changing him to pressure support was attempted. The patient would become extremely tachypneic and would drop his tidal volumes. Eventually a trach was placed on . Again, weaning from the ventilation was attempted, but patient's rhythm consistently remained above and he would become tachycardiac as well as drop his tidal volumes on attempt to try a spontaneous breathing trial. This failure was felt secondary to fluid overload and due to persistence of intrapulmonary infiltrate secondary to the hemothorax. Renal failure: Patient's renal failure was improving on Lasix at time of discharge from the Cardiac Care Unit. His creatinine bumped to a high of . felt likely secondary to overdiuresis as well as sepsis. Diabetes: Patient was maintained on an insulin GTT. He had very good glycemic control throughout his hospitalization. Patient was initially maintained on tube feeds later changed to Nepro with ProMod. He had a PEG placed on . Lines: Patient's lines at time of transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit included a right art line, right-sided Swan, and a left IJ. Patient is a Full Code. The communication was with the family throughout his hospitalization. Infectious Diseases: Patient, in the setting of hypotension and elevated cardiac output, as well as decreased SVR and sepsis, blood cultures were sent off which, by time of transfer, were no growth to date. Patient also had a urine sent off which was no growth. A sputum culture was consistent with oropharyngeal flora. Clostridium difficile was sent times one; was to follow up to be performed still. Other sources of infection were felt to include patient's hemothorax as well as chest tube insertion sites as those areas had some mild purulent discharge which was managed by wound care. The patient was maintained on Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl and then later changed to Levofloxacin and Vancomycin by time of transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Patient also had a stage decubitus ulcer on his coccyx which were managed with DuoDerm as well as air mattress. MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER TO MEDICAL INTENSIVE CARE UNIT: . Acetaminophen liquid q. to hours. . Aspirin p.r.n. one p.o. q.d. . Isosorbide dinitrate mg one p.o. t.i.d. . Lansoprazole mg one p.o. q.d. . Levofloxacin mg one q. hours. . Metoprolol mg one p.o. t.i.d. . Atorvastatin mg one p.o. q.d. . Calci-Mix one p.o. t.i.d. with tube feeds. . Plavix mg one p.o. q.d. . Docusate mg one p.o. b.i.d. . Fentanyl citrate. . Versed. . Furosemide GGT mg per hour. . mg one p.o. q. hours. . Insulin GTT. . Miconazole powder. . Paxil mg one p.o. q.d. . Senna one p.o. b.i.d. . Vancomycin units one q. hours. The remainder of hospital course, as well as patient's discharge status, will be dictated by patient's acute team. , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1047,20557,": : Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: melena Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Swan History of Present Illness: year old male with chief complaint of passage of melanotic stool this morning. Patient is s/p right lung decortication in , complicated by C. diff and empyema and re-hospitalization. Hospitalized again for SOB, no specific cause found. Now at home with daughter as caregiver. She called to report thick, tarry stool this morning and hypoxia to the 's (has been on chronic O since the surgery in . Daughter also called on with single episode of BRBPR but PCP felt that this was to recent C-Diff colitis. Episode was tarry. . In ED, noted SBP , with HR 's. Received LF--->hypoxic with CXR findings of vol overload. Receieved Units B RBC's. HCT on arrival was and INR (last INR last week was . . . Currently, feels OK. states that breathing is a his baseline. Denies any CP/new PNA, baseline LE edema. No new Coumdain adjustments. Has not been on any recent antibiotics or ofther meds. Past Medical History: . Coronary artery disease. . Peripheral vascular disease. . History of atrial fibrillation/flutter, on anticoagulation. . Sensorineural hearing loss. . Mild cognitive impairment. . Osteoporosis. . Peptic ulcer disease. (no EGD in our Records . Status post CABG in . . Status post right carotid endarterectomy in . . Total decortication of right lung on for recurrent Right pleura effusion. He was discharged from this operation on , and readmitted on with an empyema--->anterior loculated hydropneumothorax, which eventually was positive for MRSA. All biopsy and cytology neg. for malignancy. Social History: The patient is a retired accountant. He is a widower; his wife died a couple months ago. Daughet is HCP (lives with him Family History: non-contrib Physical Exam: T:. P:AF with RVR - on tele R:- BP:/ SaO:% on NRB General: Awake, alert, oriented; speaking words/breath. no acc. muscles of resp.. HEENT: NC/AT, PERRLA, EOMI, no scleral icterus noted, MMdry, Neck: supple, Flat Neck veins. no carotid bruits appreciated Pulmonary: Course rhonchi R/L, with decrease BS at right and left base. + crackles. Cardiac: , tacky in 's, hyperdynamic without MRG. Right throocotomy scar well-healed. Sternotomy scar Abdomen: soft, NT/ND, normoactive bowel sounds, no masses or organomegaly noted. Guaciac + Extremities: No cyanosis, no clubbing. + P edema to mid shin (baseline per patient and duaghter. + DP and PT pulses b/l. Skin: no rashes or lesions noted. Pertinent Results: ECHO : Conclusions: . The left atrium is mildly dilated. . There is mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size and systolic function (LVEF>%. Regional left ventricular wall motion is normal. . The right ventricular cavity is moderately dilated. Right ventricular systolic function appears depressed. . The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened. Mild to moderate (+ aortic regurgitation is seen. . The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. Mild to moderate (+ mitral regurgitation is seen.. Moderate to severe tricuspid regurgitation is seen. . Compared with the findings of the prior study of , LV function has improved. . C-Scope: : Diverticulosis of the sigmoid colon Otherwise normal colonoscopy to cecum . . CXR: : INDICATION: History CAD, CHF, possibly new aspiration pneumonia, Swan placement. Comparison is made to the chest-ray obtained one day prior. FINDINGS: There is again present a Swan-Ganz catheter with the tip terminating in the distal left pulmonary artery. An endotracheal tube and an NG tube remains in stable position. Median sternotomy wires are noted. The appearance of the lungs are not significantly changed with persistent bilateral patchy opacities predominantly in the mid and lower lung zones. There are also persistent small bilateral pleural effusions. . CXR : HISTORY: Aspiration pneumonia status post extubation. COMPARISON: . AP CHEST RADIOGRAPH: The patient has been extubated in the interval. The right IJ line remains in unchanged position. The NG tube has been removed. The degree of pulmonary edema is unchanged. There is patchy atelectasis at the bases, unchanged as well. IMPRESSION: Patchy bibasilar atelectasis unchanged. Unchanged pulmonary edema. Brief Hospital Course: year old male with multiple medical problems, on coumadin for atrial fibrillation, who initially presented with melanotic stools in setting of supratherapudic INR. Patient suffered repiratory failure from fluid overlaod and was transferred to the ICU, was extubated and re-intubated, suffered aspiration event, and ultimately made CMO. Patient expired day after being transferred to the floor. The following issues were addressed during his hospital stay: * Respiratory failure: Intubated for hypercarbic resp failure volume overload. Peak pressures elevated on vent so nebs added to decrease airway resistance. PIPs and plat still elevated likely volume overload but improved following diuresis. He was extubated on but as above, reintubated on due to an episode of pulmonary edema/aspiration/mucous plug/VAP. During his second course of intubation, he was treated for his pneumonia and his secretions improved. He was also restarted on his lasix drip to maximize his lung mechanics for another try at extubation. At a family meeting following his second intubation, it was decided that there would be no trach and no reintubation once he was extubated. Successfully extubated . Had aspiration event, per family meeting, decision for Comfort Measures Only, patient expired on on morphine gtt due to respiratory distress. . * Pneumonia: During his first course of intubation, pt grew out Klebsiella and MRSA in his sputum. However, given the lack of fever, infiltrate or leukocytosis, he was not started on antibiotics. After extubation, pt had worsening secretions that he could not control. Once he was reintubated, his wbc rose and he was noted to have a fever with possible new RML infiltrate. he was therefore started on Vanc/Zosyn for a day course of aspiration vs vent-associated pneumonia. Given change in goals of care, no further antibiotics were administered. Morphine gtt administered for comfort care. . * Hypotension: Initially, hypotension, HR and urine output responsive to fluids however became less so as MICU course progressed. No evidence of sepsis. Swan on shows elevated CVP and wedge with low CO and elevated SVR indicating poor forward flow afib with RVR. stim normal response. Started onio drip on with no response in HR (still ~s and MAPs stable in s. However, the following day, MAPs dropped into the s-s so pt was started on Levophed. Echo on showed a new decreased EF to % (>% on with new wall motion abnormalities suggesting NSTEMI. Over the next few days, heart rate came down with improved pressure on levophed allowing the initiation of a lasix drip. When pt was reintubated on , his BP dropped again suggesting that his hypotension is related to positive pressure and sedation. Swan numbers did not indicate any signs of sepsis. Lasix drip was started on and off for diuresis, was off all drips given change in care. . * CHF: As above, pt with new depressed EF on recent echo. Multiple valvular abnormalities including mod MR, mod AR, severe TR, severe PR. Swan on showed elevated CVP and wedge indicating volume overload. Started on Lasix gtt on with no increase in urine output. Then started on nitro gtt for additional afterload reduction but this was stopped after dramatic drop in BP. Pt was then started on Dobutamine briefly but this was again stopped after drop in BP. Pt was started on Levophed with improvement in MAPs so Lasix gtt was again resumed. Pt started diuresing to low dose Lasix gtt. As BP improved, Levpophed was titrated off and pt was restarted on his ACE-I and BB for further afterload reduction. Pt continued to diurese with goal of one liter negative per day. He was successfully extubated on . On a few occasions, pt was noted to have elevated BP, HR and CVP indicating flash pulmonary edema. On , pt had another episode of pulm edema that was not responsive to nitro patch, morphine and lasix . he was placed on BiPAP but was tachypneic to -s with minute ventilation of -. He was then reintubated. Again, he was started on levophed for a drop in his BP but also on a lasix gtt for diuresis. As above, lasix drip and levophed was started on and off according to his pressure. His became alkalotic with further diuresis with difficultly in weaning and was started on diamox on . Given change in care status, no further diuresis was pursued while CMO. . * Afib with RVR: Pt went into a fib with RVR during acute event of GI bleed with resp distress. Of note, pt has failed DCCV in the past. Startingio gtt on and converted to poio on . Rate was better controlled in s. Cardiac meds were held as patient CMO. . * CAD: Pt with troponin bump to . in setting of acute event of GI bleed and afib/RVR with hypotension, hence likely demand ischemia. Now with new wall motion abnormalities. , pt was weaned off pressors and restarted on his ACE-I and BB. He was continued on ASA. troponin trended down and repeat echo showed normalization of EF. It was thought that pt was failing to wean his heart disease (leading to ischemic MR which led to flash pulm edema during an SBT. The swan was replaced and CO was determined prior to and following an SBT. The pt tolerated the SBT so there was no evidence that ischemia was preventing his extubation. he was extubated. When he was reintubated, a dobutamine stress echo was done at the bedside and showed no signs of ischemia. Given change in care status, no further cardiac withu was pursued. . * GIB: likely upper GIB (has prior H/O of PUD although no EGP's in our records. Divertic + on C-SCope. INR reversed with FFP and vitamin K, now normalized. Hct stable s/p U PRBCs total. EGD on showed no signs of gastritis or ulcers. hct slowly trended down during ICU stay possible due to slow lower GI bleed (hemorrhoids?. He was transfused for a hct< due to his recent NSTEMI. Above issues then became focus of care. . * UTI: When UA checked for sediment, noted to have - WBC with mod bacteria. Sent for cx which returned VRE, to ampicillin. Completed -day course. . * Decreased urine output: Urine lytes show Na of indicating pre-renal likely poor forward flow. Creatinine slowly increased over hosp stay likely ATN (in setting of hypotension and poor forward flow. Urine output improved with lasix gtt and Levophed for better BP. Cr trended down. . *Access: quad-lumen ( . *Code Status: Patient's code status changed from DNR/DNI to CMO given changes in health status as per above. Patient expired on respiratory distress. Medications on Admission: . Aspirin mg po QD . Warfarin mg PO HS . Calcium Carbonate mg PO B . Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D unit Tablet po QD . Tamsulosin . mg qHS . Atorvastatin mg PO DAILY . Cilostazol mg PO B . Isosorbide Mononitrate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR . Lisinopril mg PO QD . Lopressor mg PO B Discharge Medications: NA, Patient expired Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Discharge Diagnosis: . respiratory failure . atrial fibrillation . hypotension . congestive heart failure . gastrointestinal bleed . pneumonia . acute renal failure . depression Discharge Condition: expired Discharge Instructions: NA Followup Instructions: NA :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
663,17170,": : : Sex: F Service: CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY CHIEF COMPLAINT: Shortness of breath with exertion. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a history of woman with a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, congestive heart failure, rheumatic heart disease and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, who was admitted to on , for cardioversion from rapid atrial fibrillation. During that admission, she had transesophageal echocardiogram which showed an ejection fraction of % with + aortic insufficiency, + mitral regurgitation, + tricuspid regurgitation, and small pleural cardiac effusion. The echocardiogram was unchanged from previous echocardiogram in . She then underwent cardiac catheterization on in anticipation of future cardiac surgery. Her catheterization showed a left main of %, left anterior descending %, circumflex %, OM %, right coronary artery %. Please see catheterization report full details. She was admitted on , directly to the Operating Room for coronary artery bypass grafting and mitral valve replacement as postoperative admission. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Rheumatic heart disease, congestive heart failure, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: Right upper lobectomy for nonsmall cell cancer in . Bilateral cataract surgery. SOCIAL HISTORY: She lives alone. The patient has a pack-year tobacco history. She quit years ago. Alcohol use is occasional. ALLERGIES: NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: ToprolL mg q.d., Amiodarone mg b.i.d., Aspirin mg q.d., Lipitor mg q.d., Levothyroxine mcg q.d., Coumadin mg q.d., Protonix mg q.d., Lisinopril mg q.d. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: General: The patient was a frail-appearing woman in no acute distress. Skin: No breaks or rashes. HEENT: Pupils equal, round and reactive to light. Extraocular movements intact. Oropharynx clear. Upper dentures intact. Neck: Supple. No jugular venous distention. No bruits. Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally. She had a well-healed lobectomy scar on the right. Heart: Regular, rate and rhythm. There was a / systolic ejection murmur. Abdomen: Obese, soft, nontender, nondistended with no hepatosplenomegaly. Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. The patient had bilateral lower extremity spider veins. Neurological: The patient was alert and oriented times three. Pulses: Grossly intact pulses. Radial + bilaterally, dorsalis pedis + bilaterally, posterior tibial + bilaterally, femoral + bilaterally. Carotids not identified. HOSPITAL COURSE: As stated previously, the patient was a direct admission to the operating room. On , she underwent mitral valve replacement and coronary artery bypass grafting; please see operative report for full details. In summary, the patient had mitral valve replacement with a Mosaic and coronary artery bypass grafting times two, with LIMA to the left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal. She tolerated the operation well. Cardiopulmonary bypass time was min, and her cross-clamp time was min. She was transferred from the Operating Room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit. At the time of transfer, she had Milrinone at . mcg/kg/min, Propofol at mcg/kg/min, Neo-Synephrine at mcg/kg/min. Additionally the patient had epinephrine and Nitroglycerin drips with no dose identified at this time. The patient did well in the immediate postoperative period. Her anesthesia was reversed. She was allowed to awaken initially and was then resedated after a neurological check. Her epinephrine drip was weaned to off shortly after arrival into the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit. The cardioactive medications were titrated as tolerated by the patient's hemodynamics throughout the night on her operative date. On postoperative day , the patient's sedation was discontinued. She was weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated. Her Milrinone was weaned to off. Her Neo-Synephrine was weaned to . mcg/kg/min. Additionally, her Nitroglycerin drip was maintained at . mcg/kg/min. The patient remained hemodynamically stable throughout postoperative day and . On postoperative day , all cardioactive intravenous medications were weaned to off and transitioned to oral medications. The patient's chest tubes were discharge, and she was transferred from the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit to Far Two for continued postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation. Over the next several days, the patient had an uneventful hospital course with the exception of intermittent atrial fibrillation which was treated with Amiodarone and beta-blockade. Additionally the patient was restarted on her anticoagulation, which she had been receiving preoperatively for atrial fibrillation. With the assistance of the nursing staff and Physical Therapy staff, the patient's activity level was increased. On postoperative day , it was decided that the patient was stable and would be ready for discharge to home on the following day. DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Vital signs: Temperature .??????, heart rate , sinus rhythm, blood pressure /, respirations , oxygen saturation % on room air. Weight preoperatively . kg, discharge . kg. General: The patient was alert and oriented times three. She moved all extremities. She followed commands. Nonfocal exam. Chest: Clear to auscultation bilaterally. Sternum is stable. Incision with Steri-Strips, open to air, clean and dry. Heart: Regular, rate and rhythm. S and S. Abdomen: Soft, nontender, nondistended. Positive bowel sounds. Extremities: Warm and well perfused. The patient had + edema bilaterally. Right saphenous vein graft site with Steri-Strips and large echymotic area of upper thigh. DISCHARGE LABORATORY DATA: Sodium , potassium ., BUN , creatinine .; PT , INR .. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Good. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass grafting times two with LIMA to the left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal. . Mitral regurgitation status post mitral valve replacement with a mosaic valve. . Rheumatic heart disease. . Congestive heart failure. . Hypertension. . Hypercholesterolemia. . Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. . Gastroesophageal reflux disease. . Status post right upper lobectomy. . Status post bilateral cardiac surgery. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Amiodarone mg q.d., Lopressor mg p.o. b.i.d., Coumadin mg q.d., titrate to goal INR of .-., Aspirin mg q.d., Lasix mg q.d. days, Potassium Chloride mEq q.d. days, Levoxyl mcg q.d., Lipitor mg q.d., Prilosec mg q.d., Imdur mg q.d., Colace mg b.i.d., Percocet / tab q. hours p.r.n. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient is to be discharged to home with VNA. FOP: She is to have follow-up with Dr. in weeks. Follow-up with Dr. in weeks. Follow-up with Dr. in four weeks. The patient is to have a PT/INR drawn by visiting nurses on Friday, . The results of that are to be called to Dr. office, and he is to manage the patient's Coumadin dosing from that point forward. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
970,20061,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: All drug allergies previously recorded have been deleted : Chief Complaint: Altered Mental Status Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Tracheostomy PICC line History of Present Illness: F with insulin dependent diabetes having refused fingersticks lately and her daughter reportedly refusing to administer insulin went to OSH with altered mental status. She was intubated and found to have glucose > and hyperkalemia without an anion gap. She was transferred to the for further management. In our ED, she was noted to have HR , /, , %, cvp and possible pancreatitis. A left IJ was placed, an insulin drip was begun at units per hours, and mg of levaquin withF was administered. Blood and urine cultures were obtained and she was sent to the . Of note, no paperwork was delivered with patient so initial history was per OMR notes from . Later, in the , her daughter would expand on the presentation and would state that the patient had become agressive, scratching her caregivers (family and throwing diapers at them. Past Medical History: . Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction in . . Chronic atrial fibrillation. . History of CVA in with left arm paralysis . Insulin dependent diabetes with neuropathy and retinopathy. . Patient is legally blind. . Hypertension. . History of gastrointestinal bleed secondary to ulcers. . History of a scull fracture as a child. . History of chronic anemia. . History of urinary tract infection. . History of depression anxiety. . superficial femoral perineal artery bypass with nonreversible saphenous vein graft . . s/p left BKA for nonhealing heel ulcer and . Dyslipidemia. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: Significant for: . Coronary artery bypass graft at in the year . . Cataract surgery with loss of vision. . Right below the kneeputation in . Social History: The patient is a married female. She usually lives with her daughter. She does not smoke. She does not drink. She has had blood transfusions in the past. Family History: unknown Physical Exam: T . BP / with HR O % on AC PEEP TV RR overbreathing by FIO . Gen: obtunded, moaning, intubated HEENT: dry mm, eyes deviated up and to left, minimally reactive pupils Neck: supple, no bruits, left IJ in place without erythema Cor: irreg irreg, no murmurs Chest: CTAB no crackles, right nipple inverted Abd: soft NT ND decreased bowel sounds Ext: s/p bilateral BKAs, moving arms, right brachial reflex + left diminished. Skin: multiple escars, x cm over right hip, x under left pannus, x on back, x cm erosions under left breast Pertinent Results: EKG: low voltage a.fib at , left axis, poor R wave progression, TWI V-v, no ST changes. . CHEST (PORTABLE AP : AM Portable AP chest dated is compared to the prior from . The patient is intubated. The endotracheal tube terminates . cm above the carina. The heart size is normal. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left retrocardiac region, which could represent atelectasis and/or aspiration. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. IMPRESSION: Endotracheal tube is appropriately positioned. Left lower lung lobe patchy airspace opacity likely represents atelectasis and/or aspiration. CT HEAD WITHOUT CONTRAST CONCLUSION: Extensive areas of diminished density within the cerebral hemispheres suggesting prior infarcts. If a new infarct is suspected, MR is a more sensitive imaging modality to detect acute brain ischemia. CT SCAN ABDOMEN/PELVIS IMPRESSION: . Left parapelvic cyst, with no evidence of renal abscess or hydronephrosis. . Bilateral moderate pleural effusions with adjacent compressive atelectasis. . Large ascites, generalized anasarca. . Fluid and stranding surrounding the pancreatic head, with heterogeneous enhancement, consistent with pancreatitis; there is no evidence of complication. . Abnormal appearance of the sigmoid and distal descending colon with hausrtral edema, a non-specific finding in a setting of ascites; however, this may be seen in pseudomembranous and other colitis, and should be correlated clinically. . Mildly distended gallbladder with enhancing borderline wall thickening. This, too, is non-specific, and follow-up son should be considered, if there is clinical concern for cholecystitis. . Multiple splenic infarcts ECHO Conclusions: The left atrium is normal in size. The estimated right atrial pressure is -mmHg. There is moderate regional left ventricular systolic dysfunction with hypokinesis of the anterior septum, anterior wall, and apex (EF ~ %. The remaining segments contract well. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic valve leaflets ( are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no mitral valve prolapse. Mild (+ mitral regurgitation is seen. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no pericardial effusion. IMPRESSION: Regional left ventricular dysfunction consistent with coronary artery disease. Mild mitral regurgitation. :PM TYPE-MIX TEMP-. RATES-/ TAL VOL- PEEP- O- PO-* PCO- PH-.* TOTAL CO- BASES-- INTUBATED-INTUBATED :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO-* ANION GAP- :PM ALBUMIN-.* CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-.* MAGNESIUM-.* :PM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :PM PLT COUNT- :AM TYPE-MIX TEMP-. RATES-/ TAL VOL- PEEP- PO-* PCO-* PH-.* TOTAL CO- BASES-- INTUBATED-INTUBATED :AM LACTATE-.* :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM-* POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM LD(LDH- AMYLASE-* :AM LIPASE-* :AM CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-.* MAGNESIUM-. IRON-* :AM calTIBC- FERRITIN-GREATER TH TRF-* :AM TRIGLYCER-* :AM TSH-.* :AM T-.* FREE T-.* :AM URINE HOURS-RANDOM UREA N- CREAT- SODIUM- :AM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM PLT COUNT- :AM RET AUT-. :AM URINE COLOR-Red APPEAR-Cloudy SP -. :AM URINE BLOOD-LG NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN- GLUCOSE-TR KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN-NEG PH-. LEUK-MOD :AM URINE RBC-> WBC-> BACTERIA-MANY YEAST-MANY EPI-- :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- LD(LDH- CK(CPK-* ALK PHOS- AMYLASE-* TOT BILI-. :AM LIPASE-* :AM CK-MB- :AM ALBUMIN-.* CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-. :AM OSMOLAL-* :AM ASA-NEG ETHANOL-NEG ACETMNPHN-NEG bnzodzpn-NEG barbitrt-NEG tricyclic-NEG :AM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM NEUTS-.* BANDS- LYMPHS-.* MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :AM PLT SMR-NORMAL PLT COUNT- LPLT-+ :AM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM LACTATE-.* K+-. Brief Hospital Course: Ms. is a year old woman with with HHNK and pancreatitis with a hospital course complicated by respiratory failure requiring intubation now s/p tracheostomy. MICU events: : Respiratory arrest, bradycardic, hypotensive, with desat to %. Intubated at :am. Atropine given. Started on dopamine. Bronchoscopy showed secretions, no evidence of tube feed aspiration or plugs. : Asystolic arrest. recovered after one dose of epinephrine and atropine. Was intubated. No EKG changes. . Hypoxic respiratory failure: The etiology was thought to be multifactorial, with an infectious component, possibly aspiration pneumonia, as well as mucous plugging. A tracheostomy was performed at the bedside on . The patient remained ventilator dependent, transitioning from A/C to Pressure Support, until , when she had a successful trach collar trial. She was put back on CPAP during the night and again on trach collar . She had abundant secretions during her course which were treated with suction and mucomyst. She completed a day course of meropenem for aspiration pneumonia. However, because fever and hypotension persisted transiently on abx, as well as diarrhea, she has also to complete a course of Flagyl (last day , Ceftriaxone (last day and Fluconazole (last day . At the time of discharge the patient was saturating well on L/min trach collar with FiO %. She was successfully fitted for Passy-Muir valve. . Altered mental status: Initially thought to be from HHNK but she had persistently deviated eyes to left concerning for new CVA, and she has h/o CVA. Head CT showed old stroke. She also had evidence of proteus UTI. TSH was normal. Her urine grew yeast, besides proteus, and a beta glucan was positive. Her AMS was multifactorial, due to hyperglycemia, sepsis, and uremia. MS resolved and returned at baseline with aggressive antibiotic and antifungal treatment, and resolution of metabolic imbalance and ARF. . AG metabolic acidosis resolved gradually as her sugars were brought under control. Successive urine analysis showed no ketones. . HHNK: Now resolved. Initially with serum glucose > at OSH with osms > in setting of no insulin administration. Her sugars remained between and and the sliding scale was tightened and consult obtained. started her on lantus units daily, then increased to units daily on . At the time of discharge she showed good blood sugar control, ranging from - on the hours prior to discharge. . Pancreatitis: Pancreatic enzymes trended down and normalized paralleling resolution of renal failure, so this might not have been a true pancreatitis. The patient did not have epigastric pain. . UTI: She grew proteus in blood and urine, sensitive to meropenem and ceftriaxone. She completed a ten day course of meropenem and a day course of ceftriaxone, last dose on . Later she grew yeast. She also had a positive beta glucan. She was started on caspofungin and then switched to fluconazole, last dose /. . Renal failure. ARF of pre-renal etiology, low urinary output. The patient was severely dehydrated on presentation, and the renal failure resolved with fluids. All medications were renally dosed, and nephrotoxins were avoided. Her creatinine is at baseline now. . Skin breakdown/eschars over dermatomal distribution: concerning for osteomyelitis and also for zoster. She was put on zoster precautions, and briefly on vancomycin. Most of these lesions were consistent with pressure sores. Wound consult and plastics consult was obtained and, with accuzyme, air mattress, frequent position changes, optimization of nutrition, and zinc/vitamin C days (ongoing, last dose , the wounds began to heal. However, on her edema became worse and she had true anasarca, as a result of which new skin lesions started to develop. Lasix was started and her extremities were apropriately dressed to avoid moisture. The patient was negative >L in the hours prior to discharge. She requires more diuresis. This must be followed further at her rehab facility. . History of CAD: The patient had Atrial Fibrillation but no RVR. Plavix and aspirin were held initially. Aspirin was restarted early in the course and plavix was restarted on . She was felt not to be a candidate for systemic anticoagulation as this would exacerbate her poor wound healing. The question of systemic anticoagulation can be readdressed as an outpatient at a later date. The patient was initially on lopressor but this was d/ced due to bradycardia and hypotension. . Anemia: appears to be at baseline, likely anemia of chronic disease. Iron studies were not consistent with iron deficiency and hemolysis labs were not consistent with lysis. . Pain: The patient has significant pain. She became oversedated on a fentanyl patch. She was treated with morphine and tylenol PRN. She stil endorsed pain on questioning and may require uptitration of her pain medications. . Hemiparesis: the patient has L hemiparesis and bilateral BKA. A PT consult was obtained. . Thrombocytopenia: HIT negative. The most likely etiology was vancomycin as thrombocytopenia resolved once Vancomycin was stopped. . Social issues: per signout, patient has been refusing fingersticks and daughter has been refusing to administer insulin. Currently being investigated for possible neglect. This issue needs to be clarified before the patient can be made DNR/DNI. The patient stated that her health care proxy is her daughter. . Nutrition: The patient was severely malnourished at presentation. Nutrition consult was obtained early on and followed the patient until discharge. Tube feeds were aimed at maximizing protein intake, and the patient tolerated well. A Dubhoff feeding tube was placed under bronchoscopy on . Zinc and vitamin supplements were started for a course of days (last dose /. The patient was thought not to be a PEG candidate due to poor wound healing. . Prophylaxis: hep SQ, PPI. . Access: left IJ d/c on , PICC line placed . . FULL CODE. Medications on Admission: Unknown Discharge Medications: . Heparin (Porcine , unit/mL Solution : One ( Injection T ( times a day. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. : Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily as needed. . Miconazole Nitrate % Powder : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Lactulose g/ mL Syrup : Thirty ( ML PO QH (every hours as needed. . Bacitracin Zinc unit/g Ointment : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Lansoprazole mg Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR : One ( Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR DAILY (Daily. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Citalopram mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Nystatin , unit/g Cream : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Acetylcysteine % ( mg/mL Solution : - MLs Miscellaneous Q-H (every to hours as needed. . Ascorbic Acid mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day for days: Last dose . . Zinc Sulfate ( mg Capsule : One ( Capsule PO DAILY (Daily for days: Last dose . . Clopidogrel mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Cartridge : One ( Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Morphine mg/ mL Solution : - mg PO Q-H (Every to Hours as needed for pain. . Heparin Flush PICC ( units/ml ml DAILY:PRN ml NS followed by ml of Units/ml heparin ( units heparin each lumen Daily and PRN. Inspect site every shift. . Aspirin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Albuterol Sulfate . % Solution : One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Furosemide mg/mL Solution : Sixty ( mg Injection once a day as needed for For fluid overload for days: As needed for fluid overload. Patient still requires several liters diuresis at goal negative L/day. To be reassessed by a physician days. . Papain-Urea ,- unit/g-% Spray, Non-Aerosol : One ( Appl Topical ( times a day. . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution : One ( Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet : - Tablets PO every hours as needed for Pain or fever. . Docusate Sodium mg/ mL Liquid : Two ( PO twice a day. . Insulin sliding scale Four times daily fingerstick glucose with humalog insulin correction sliding scale. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: Northeast - Discharge Diagnosis: hyperosmolar nonketotic coma hypoxic respiratory failure s/p trach proteus UTI sepsis bradycardia pancreatitis anemia thrombocytopenia multiple pressure ulcers hypoxic cardiac arrest following intubation, twice Discharge Condition: Stable, breathing comfortably on trach collar. Discharge Instructions: Please administer all medications and do trach care as indicated. . Continue trach collar: L/min, FiO % . Continue times daily blood sugar monitoring with standing insulin (glargine U at bedtime and humalog sliding scale. Followup Instructions: Please have the patient follow up with her PCP - weeks after discharge from rehab: , O. , ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,1
81,612,": : : Sex: F Service: CARDIOTHORACIC HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This is a year-old woman who had a preop electrocardiogram for a spinal surgery that was notable for ischemic changes. She underwent a stress echocardiogram on that demonstrated inferior wall near akinesis. On she underwent a cardiac catheterization that revealed a % occlusion of her LAD and a % occlusion of her left circumflex as well as a % occlusion of the RCA. She had an echocardiogram that demonstrated an ejection fraction of approximately %. The decision was made that the patient should undergo a coronary artery bypass surgery. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Rocaltrol . mg q.d., Nephrocaps mg po q.d., Lipitor mg po q.d., Provera . mg po q.d., Premarin . mg q.d., Norvasc mg po b.i.d., Gabapentin mg po t.i.d. and Dilaudid mg po q.i.d. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Stable angina. . Type insulin dependent diabetes mellitus on hemodialysis and neuropathy. . Hypertension. . Hypercholesterolemia. . Degenerative joint disease at the L-L interspace. HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted on to the Service. On the patient underwent an uncomplicated coronary artery bypass graft times three with the left internal mammary coronary artery to the left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal , and the saphenous vein graft to the right posterior descending coronary artery. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transported to the CSRU intubated and in stable condition. Immediately postoperative, the patient was able to answer questions and follow commands. She was weaned off of the ventilator and extubated. Her chest tube was notable for a small air leak initially. On postoperative day one she was started on Lopressor as well as aspirin. She was weaned from the Levophed and started on a renal diet. Her pleural chest tube was left in place and the Renal Service was consulted for management of her dialysis. At that time she was being atrially paced at over a normal sinus rhythm at . Her Levophed was discontinued and she was weaned from the Milrinone. She underwent hemodialysis. On postoperative day two the patient's heart rate was in the s with sinus rhythm with a blood pressure of /. Her pacemaker was subsequently turned off as it was competing with her underlying rhythm. She was stable and was transferred to the floor. On the floor the hospital course was uneventful. She remained afebrile with good pain control and maintaining a sinus rhythm. She experienced some nausea and some emesis associated with her potassium supplements. Her blood sugars were well controlled, but she was somewhat anorexic. She also began complaining of some mild mid epigastric tenderness on postoperative day five associated with some nausea. She was also noted to have an elevated white blood cell count of ,, as well as mildly elevated transaminase and alkaline phosphatase levels. She underwent a KUB, which was notable for her colon being full of stool. She also had a right upper quadrant ultrasound that was negative for biliary disease processes. She was begun on a regimen of Cascara and Milk of Magnesia with subsequent large bowel movements with relief of her abdominal pain. She was noted to have a somewhat swollen right lower extremity, which was the site of the saphenous vein graft and concern for a possible deep venous thrombosis as the etiology of the increased white blood cell count prompted a venous duplex ultrasound. The result of this study was negative for deep venous thrombosis. By postoperative day nine the patient had remained afebrile and her white count had steadily declined to ,. The patient was subsequently discharged with instructions to return to clinic and/or the Emergency Department if she should become ill. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON DISCHARGE: The patient was afebrile with stable vital signs. She was in no acute distress, alert and oriented. Her lungs were clear. Her sternum was stable. Her incision was clean, dry and intact. Her heart had a regular rate and rhythm and a / systolic ejection murmur at the base. Her belly was soft, nontender, nondistended. Her extremities were warm and well profused and her incision was clean, dry and intact. She had a smallount of swelling on her right lower extremity. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Lopressor . mg po b.i.d., Percocet one to two tablets po q to hours prn pain, Colace mg po b.i.d., ECASA mg po q.d., Ibuprofen mg po t.i.d., Gabapentin mg po t.i.d., Amiodarone mg po b.i.d. times seven days and then mg po q.d., Nephrocaps one tablet q.d., Premarin . mg po q.d., Rocaltrol . mg po q.d., Provera . mg po q.d. The patient was subsequently discharged in stable condition with instructions to return to the clinic or the Emergency Department if she was feeling ill and to follow up with Dr. in one weeks time as well as her primary care physician . in one to two weeks time. She is sent home with plans for VNA to come in and check on her for home safety and cardiopulmonary evaluation. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
272,5120,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Tapazole : Chief Complaint: Nausea Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: yo M with a past medical history of ESRD on HD, DM, CHF presents from HD with nausea and vomitting. History is unclear because patient is unresponsive, but history is gathered from family members and documentation. Mr. has a history of noncompliance, and evidently skipped HD on Saturday. He was found to be weak this morning, and his brother brought him to HD. At HD, patient was noted to have periorbital edema. He received minutes of HD and developed nausea and vomitting. Vomitus was grossly nonbloody and guaiac positive, so he was transferred to . . According to the family, patient was supposed go to HD on saturday (last HD was the previous Thurday, but did not tell family why he was not going. They noticed that his face and eyes were swollen, and sugar was noted to be elevated. He had reduced po intake over the last days. He was not complainig of particular symptoms including fevers, chest pain, palpitations or lightheadedness. . At , patient was A and O but belligerent and refusing labs and venous access. His HCP was called, and because there was a question of competence in the past, sister gave approval to sedate and restrain as needed for appropriate workup. He was given Haldol mg IM and Ativan mg IM and placed in point restraints. An G was obtained. Serum glucose was found to be with a gap of , so insulin U was given. He did not receive fluids because of concern that the patient is anuric. Patient refused a rectal, but there was a report of loose stool last week before the patient was chemically sedated. CXR was reportedly normal. Blood culture were sent. On transfer, patient was unresponsive but maintaing his airway, with VS , /, , % RA . In the ICU, patient is unresponsive but appears comfortable. . Review of sytems: Not assessed due to mental status. Past Medical History: . Type diabetes with insulin autoantibody receptor syndrome -since age on insulin, followed by Dr. hypoglycemic episodes, has required intubation for altered MS in the past -high level of anti-insulin Ab -complicated by nephropathy -complicated by retinopathy (s/p right eye laser surgery, repeated -on immunosuppression ?? no records at . End-stage renal disease on dialysis TuThSa . Diastolic heart failure . Hypertension, . Hyperlipidemia . Peripheral vascular disease . Hypothyroidism . Anemia . Recent burn on his left upper extremity, now s/p skin graft . S/p left first toe distal phalangectomy in . Pancreatic lesions seen on an abdominal CT done in Social History: Lives with parents. Works in construction. No alcohol, drugs, or tobacco. He has never been married and has two adult children. His mother is a nurse and helps him managing his medications. He worked in construction but was laid off. Family History: Per OMR, history of DM (Type and , RA and HTN. Mother - Type Diabetes , Rheumatoid Arthritis Maternal Aunt - Type Diabetes Nephew - Type Diabetes Physical Exam: Vitals: T: . ax BP: / P: R: O: % RA General: Unresponsive to verbal stiumuli or sternal rub HEENT: nonicteric sclerae, MMM, oropharynx clear Neck: supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, rhonchi CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S + S, no murmurs, rubs, gallops Abdomen: soft, non-tender, non-distended, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, no organomegaly GU: no foley Ext: warm, well perfused, + pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-. Hgb-.* Hct-. MCV- MCH-.* MCHC-.* RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Neuts-* Bands- Lymphs-* Monos- Eos- Baso- Atyps- Metas- Myelos- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-.* Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :PM BLOOD ALT-* AST- CK(CPK- AlkPhos-* TotBili-. :PM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :PM BLOOD Acetone-SMALL Osmolal-* :AM BLOOD TSH-.* :PM BLOOD ASA-NEG Ethanol-NEG Acetmnp-NEG Bnzodzp-NEG Barbitr-NEG Tricycl-NEG : STOOL CONSISTENCY: NOT APPLICABLE Source: Stool. **FINAL REPORT ** FECAL CULTURE (Final : NO SALMONELLA OR SHIGELLA FOUND. CAMPYLOBACTER CULTURE (Final : NO CAMPYLOBACTER FOUND. FECAL CULTURE - R/OBRIO (Final : NOBRIO FOUND. FECAL CULTURE - R/O YERSINIA (Final : NO YERSINIA FOUND. FECAL CULTURE - R/O E.COLI :H (Final : NO E.COLI :H FOUND. CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE TOXIN A & B TEST (Final : REPORTED BY PHONE TO FOLEY :PM. CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE. FECES POSITIVE FOR C. DIFFICILE TOXIN BY EIA. (Reference Range-Negative. A positive result in a recently treated patient is of uncertain significance unless the patient is currently symptomatic (relapse. CXR: No evidence of volume overload. Brief Hospital Course: The patient was found to have serum glucose with gap of and was started on an insulin drip for treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis and admitted to MICU. At this time, the patient allegedly endorsed active SI and was agitated, requiring restraints and haloperidol/lorazepam for sedation. Gap was gradually closed overnight and patient remained hemodynamically stable. Patient noted to have loose stools in the MICU, found to be C. difficile positive with no evidence of severe infection; he was started on Flagyl. His insulin regimen was titrated with input from the endocrinologists at . The patient remained cryptic as to why he had not been compliant with his insulin regimen but was cooperative for the remainder The patient was seen by Psychiatry during the admission due to his alleged endorsement of SI; however, at the time of assessment patient repeatedly denied SI. Psychiatry noted that his father is the patient's guardian, as established in court, and that his guardian's wishes should determine medical management. Following his MICU stay, the patient's blood pressures remained low but stable as long as most of his blood pressure medications were held. The patient had no evidence of sepsis; it was felt that his blood pressure may have been fluid removal during dialysis. At the time of discharge, given that the patient's blood pressures had ranged in the low s systolic on a beta-blocker alone, we discontinued the patient's other anti-hypertensives on discharge. His blood pressure should be followed on an outpatient basis and his regimen uptitrated as warranted. Medications on Admission: (per last d/c summary Prednisone mg daily Rosuvastatin mg daily Minoxidil mg Mycophenolate Mofetil mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B Allopurinol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B Dorzolamide-Timolol -Sig: One ( Drop Ophthalmic ( times a day. Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH prn Diltiazem HCl mg Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: One ( Doxazosin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T Polyethylene Glycol gram/dose Powder Sig: One ( PO once a day as needed for constipation. B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. Omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: One (capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO twice a day. Levemir units Subcutaneous qAM. Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO every six ( prn Bisacodyl - mg Tablet daily Senna . mg po B Docusate Sodium liquid Acetaminophen mg po QH prn Simethicone mg Q PRN Metoclopramide mg po Q prn Sevelamer Carbonate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T W/MEALS ( TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS. Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed for pain. Insulin Lispro unit/mL Cartridge as directed Discharge Medications: . Prednisone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Rosuvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Allopurinol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY (Every Other Day. . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Docusate Sodium mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO twice a day. . Dorzolamide-Timolol -Sig: One ( Drop Ophthalmic ( times a day. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO every six ( hours as needed for pain. . Metoprolol Tartrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Polyethylene Glycol gram Powder in Packet Sig: One ( packet PO once a day as needed for constipation. . Omeprazole mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. Sig: One ( Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C. PO once a day. . Tramadol mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO twice a day as needed for pain. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.s PO DAILY (Daily as needed for Constipation. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO B ( times a day. . Sevelamer Carbonate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO three times a day. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Cap PO DAILY (Daily. . Metronidazole mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours for days. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Six ( units Subcutaneous every morning. Disp:*QS for month * Refills:** . Insulin Lispro unit/mL Solution Sig: PER SLING SCALE Subcutaneous FOUR TIMES A DAY AS DIRECTED. Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: VNA Discharge Diagnosis: Diagnosis: . diabetic ketoacidosis . hypotension . clostridium difficile diarrhea Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent. Discharge Instructions: You were seen at for diabetic ketoacidosis. You were treated with insulin and your symptoms improved. You were seen by the diabetes specialists at and your insulin regimen was adjusted. You were found to have a low blood pressure during your hospitalization. We discontinued some of your blood pressure medications. Your primary care doctor may decide to restart some of these medications at a later date. You were complaining of diarrhea during your hospitalization. We found out that you had an infection with Clostridium difficile, which is likely causing your diarrhea. You were started on antibiotics for this diarrhea and should continue to take antibiotics after you are discharged from the hospital. Weigh yourself every morning, if weight goes up more than lbs. The following medications were changed: ADDED metronidazole (flagyl for treatment of your diarrhea ADDED insulin glargine CHANGED insulin humalog sliding scale DISCONTINUED insulin detemir (levemir DISCONTINUED minoxidil DISCONTINUED diltiazem DISCONTINUED doxazosin Followup Instructions: Department: ADVANCED VASC. CARE CNT When: MONDAY at PM With: , Building: (, MA Campus: OFF CAMPUS Best Parking: Free Parking on Site Name: , Nurse When: MONDAY, , AM. Location: DIABETES CENTER Address: ONE PLACE, , : Department: When: MONDAY at : PM With: , Building: SC Clinical Ctr Campus: EAST Best Parking: Garage :",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0
1589,50604,": : : Sex: M Service: MED HOSPITAL COURSE: Respiratory failure: The patient was again status post trach on secondary to failure to extubate. Of note during this hospitalization, events including a VATS evacuation of the right hemothorax and on . The right hemothorax was thought to be secondary to a complication of chest compressions. On follow-up-ray upon discharge, the patient had a persistent right loculated pleural effusion. CT Surgery was reconsulted before discharge, and they recommended no further treatment at this time given no acute worsening of respiratory status. The patient remained trach dependent throughout this hospitalization and required percent trach mask throughout his hospitalization. The patient was continued on frequent suctioning, as well as oxygen therapy after discharge from the intra-coronary. Acute renal failure: Of note, during this hospitalization on past discharge summary, the patient is thought to have acute renal failure secondary to ATN, which is secondary to cardiogenic shock, in addition to intravenous contrast given during his cardiac catheterization, over diuresis, and questionable during the Intensive Care Unit stay. Of note also, the patient was initiated on hemodialysis after a catheter was placed by Interventional Radiology on . After the second day of hemodialysis, the patient was transferred to the floor with a creatinine of .; however, the patient was becoming oliguric. The patient was started on Lasix mg b.i.d.. The patient's BUN and creatinine remained the same after - days of Lasix at this dose; however, the patient's urine output increased remarkably up to L a day. The Renal Team felt that the patient has no acute indications to continue dialysis; however, upon discharge, his tunneled IJ catheter will remain in place given the patient's -year status and may need further hemodialysis in the near future. The patient has anemia secondary to his renal disease and is on Epogen. The patient will need follow-up iron studies in one month as iron studies here remained normal. The patient is on Calcitriol secondary to increased PTH. Additionally in terms of volume status and dialysis, the patient is to have daily weights checked and is to continue intravenous Lasix at the outside hospital. If the patient has a weight gain of over lbs and/or urine output is decreasing, the patient may need hemodialysis per the Renal Team. Ideally his blood pressure should remain above systolic of to maintain renal perfusion. Cardiovascular: Of note during his MICU stay, the patient had an urgent cardiac catheterization showing severe jugular venous distension, including lesions in his left anterior descending coronary artery which were severe diffuse disease up to percent in the distal left anterior descending coronary artery. This was intervened on with three stents placed; however, his left circumflex continues to have a percent lesion, a distal percent lesion, and a percent stenosis in the left posterior descending coronary artery. This additionally bifurcated on one branch with an percent stenosis of the lower branch and a percent stenosis. Of note, right coronary artery was known to be totally occluded. Once transferred to the floor, the patient had a hemodialysis session at which the patient complained of chest pain and had dynamic ST changes in lead V and V with ST depressions. Cardiology was reconsulted, and combined efforts of Cardiology and Renal stated that the patient is candidate for cardiac catheterization in the future, however, would like to hold off on cardiac catheterization until his renal function returns to near normal. Therefore, the patient will continue on his CAD medications including his Aspirin, statin, Plavix, beta-blocker, and additionally is on Nitroglycerin, and Hydralazine. Of note, the patient has multiple wall motion abnormalities on echocardiogram including an akinetic apex. The patient should be considered to start Coumadin in the future given his akinetic apex. Congestive heart failure: The patient has an ejection fraction of percent. Of note, attempts were made to diurese him in the Medical Intensive Care Unit with Nesiritide and a Lasix drip. These efforts were discontinued given his worsening renal function; however on the floor, the patient was restarted on Lasix b.i.d. with good response. The patient is to continue diuresis upon discharge with a goal of negative to negative L I&Os. The patient is to continue his Hydralazine and Isordil. Nonsustained ventricular tachycardia: The patient was seen by Electrophysiology in the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Based upon discharge to the floor, the patient had no runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. The patient is a likely candidate for EPF in the future and possible AICD placement. The patient is to follow-up with Dr. upon discharge and after renal function resolves. Impaired mental status: Of note, the patient became more interactive once transferred to the floor. The patient in the Medical Intensive Care Unit had a negative MRI and negative head CT. Additionally, EEG showed diffuse changes consistent with a broad differential. The patient was started on hemodialysis initially with thoughts that his uremia was causing these mental status changes; however, with dialysis, the patient's uremia improved; however, his mental status did not improve drastically. Most likely the patient has a component of noxious brain injury given his episode of ventricular fibrillation arrest. FEN: The patient had a PEG tube placed on in the Medical Intensive Care Unit. Speech and Swallow evaluation was done on the floor which the patient passed and is to be maintained on a pureed diet. The patient was additionally on tube feeds which can be slowly be weaned as his p.o. diet is increased. This again needs to be followed up at his acute rehabilitation. Access: The patient has a PICC line placed by IR on . Code status: The patient was maintained full code throughout this admission. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Paroxetine mg p.o. q.d. . Plavix p.o. q.d. . Senna tab b.i.d. p.r.n. . Docusate tab b.i.d. . Tylenol p.r.n. . Aspirin p.o. q.d. . Miconazole Nitrate powder applied t.i.d. p.r.n. . Lansoprazole mg p.o. q.d. . Heparin U subcue t.i.d. which should be continued at rehabilitation. . Albuterol - puffs q. hours p.r.n. . Lipitor mg p.o. q.d. . Hydralazine mg p.o. q. hours . Isosorbide Dinitrate mg p.o. t.i.d. . Epogen , U two times a week, Monday and Thursday. . Metoprolol mg p.o. t.i.d. . Calcitriol . mcg p.o. q.d. . Lasix mg b.i.d. . Glargine U q.h.s. and regular Insulin sliding scale, of note, this will need to be titrated as tube feeds are decreased. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: Anemia: Again the patient needs to have iron studies done in one month, as he is on Epogen. Dialysis: The patient is to have his dialysis catheter flushed twice a week and flushed with heparin afterwards. The patient additionally is to have daily weights check with a goal of another cc negative L initially. If his weight increases more than lbs, the patient's Lasix dose may need to be increased. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Coronary artery disease status post ST elevation myocardial infarction with ventricular fibrillation arrest. Acute renal failure secondary to presumed ATN. Resolving delirium. ???? Congestive heart failure with systolic dysfunction. Status post right hemothorax, status post VATs. Status post PEG tube. Failure to wean status post trach. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow-up with Dr. , his primary care physician. patient is also to follow-up with Dr. after acute renal failure resolves. , : MEDQUIST D: :: T: :: Job: ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
1235,45174,": : Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: decreased po, confusion Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None History of Present Illness: y/o F with recent hospitalization (D/C for LLL pneumonia and diverticulitis presented to ED after home caregiver po intake and confusion hours. After D/C, pt completed day course of levo/flagyl (day . No abd pain, CP, fever, or chills. Pt does report diarrhea over the last few days - cannot quantify how many BMs/day. Vomited, no blood or coffee ground emesis. +SOB. Baseline mentation good per husband and care-giver (per report. . In the , pt was afebrile, disoriented, mildly hypoxic (% on RA, % on L NC, EKG with no acute changes. Rec'd ceftriaxone g, azithromycin, and vancomycin g. Pt was ready to be admitted to the floor but became hypotensive to the s and minimally responsive. She responded well to / LF, with rise in SBP to s and improved mental status. ABG was .// on O, lactate decreased from . to .. Past Medical History: DM type CAD s/p vessel CABG and PCI to LIMA-LAD in ' Carotid stenosis s/p stent to L ICA in ' Atrial septal defect TIA/CVA Chronic kidney disease, baseline cr .-. Stroke Induced Seizures HTN Hyperlipidemia Cervical Spondylosis Lumbar Radiculopathy Depression CHF EF % /, mildly dil LA, small ASD with L->R flow, mild LVH, near akinesis distal ventricle, mildly hypokinetic basal anterior septal and inferolatral walls. Mild global RV free wall hypokinesis. trace AR, + MR, + TR. Mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension . PSH: S/p cataract repair s/p LUE fx repair s/p CABG ' Social History: Retired math professor , married and lives with husband. is health care proxy. Denies present or past tobacco, no EtoH. Pt has h home health aid and states that shebulates without a walker, though previous notes indicate she is wheelchair bound and needs a walker for assistance. States that does all of her own cooking. Son- phone ; Nurse Family History: Non- contributory Physical Exam: Tc . / % L NC Gen: Lying in bed in NAD, appropriate, cooperative HEENT: anicteric, pale conjunctiva, MM dry, OP clear Neck: supple, no LAD, JVP ~ cm Cardiac: RRR, soft S/S,/VI SM at apex Pulm: crackles on L side - entire lung field posteriorly, no crackles anteriorly; R base clear, no wheezes Abd: Soft, NT, minimally distended, +BS Ext: no pitting edema, warm, + DP bilaterally, L calf scar from CABG, intact to light touch Neuro: A&Ox (to person; not to city, fact that in a hospital, not to year/month/day, CN/XII intact Pertinent Results: :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-. MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-.* Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN-* Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- . CXR - Portable AP chest film was performed and compared with the portable AP chest film from . The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Cardiomegaly is present with no significant change in comparison to the previous study. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. There is slight improvement in the left lower lobe consolidation and slight decrease in small left pleural effusion is also noted. IMPRESSION: Slight improvement in the left lower lobe pneumonia. Brief Hospital Course: This is an y/o female with PMH significant for depression, CHF, CAD, s/p recent admission for PNA, now presenting with confusion, poor po intake. . Mental status changes - likely multifactorial infection, dehydration, renal failure, back to baseline per husband and family after gentle hydration. She also appears depressed, and will benefit from a psychiatry consult at rehab. Likely underlying dementia as well. No underlying signs of infection given negative cultures. She should continue to follow with behavioral neurology as well . . Hypotension - briefly hypotensive on admission to 's SBP. This resolved rapidly with gentle hydration. This hypotension was likely to dehydration, and her lactate also normalized with fluids. Her anti-hypertensives were restarted and her BP is stable in the 's-'s. . . Pneumonia - covered transiently for possible hospital-acquired with Zosyn. Urine legionella pending, never produced sputum for culture. As no sign of infectious process, Zosyn d/c'ed after days. CXR on showed resolving PNA. . . Acute renal failure - likely prerenal in setting of decreased po intake, infection. Resolved back to baseline with gently hydration with Cr .-. . . CHF - EF of % - Was monitored off medications for first days, restarted on BB and ACEI once creatinine normalized and BPs climbed to s. No current symptoms of volume overload. Continue strict I/O's and daily weights and she may need lasix prn depending on symptoms. She was on mg of lasix daily at home. . . CAD - As above, transiently held ACEI and BB, restarted before leaving ICU. Stable, no active symptoms. - no evidence of acute ischemic issues - Monitored on tele with no evidence of arrhythmias. . . Hx CVA/ Seizures - contued depakote for seizure ppx as per outpt regimen. No active symptoms. . . DM - held glyburide in setting of renal failure as is renally cleared and could precipitate hypoglycemia. Also as she is eating less, would continue insulin sliding until she is eating more and sugars are stable. Continue diabetic diet. . . Depression - on sertraline and olanzapine. Due to oversedation, olanzapine was d/c'd on . She needs a psychiatric evaluation at rehab as she appears more depressed and her poor po intake may be secondary to that. . . Anemia - baseline -, secondary to ACD. Stable Hct. benefit from checking SPEP/UPEP in future as outpatient to r/o other processes. Medications on Admission: aspirin mg po qday prilosec mg po qday lasix mg po qday lisinopril mg po qday atenolol mg po qday olanzapine .mg po B atrovent inh albuterol inh divalproex mg glyburide mg/day / insulin U-U/day (based on sliding scale zoloft mg/day Discharge Medications: . Aspirin mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Ipratropium Bromide mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two ( Puff Inhalation Q ( times a day. . Sig: - Puffs Inhalation QH (every hours as needed. . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Divalproex mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO B ( times a day. . Insulin Regular Human unit/mL Solution Sig: as directed Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED: See attached flow sheet. . Heparin (Porcine ,: One ( Injection T ( times a day. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Metoprolol Succinate mg Tablet Sustained Release HR Sig: One ( Tablet Sustained Release HR PO DAILY (Daily. . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: of Discharge Diagnosis: - mental status changes, brief hypotension due to dehydration, resolving pneumonia Secondayr - diarrhea (resolved, currently, c diff negative ; CHF (EF %, CAD, h/o CVA/seizures, NDM, ARF (resolved, baseline Cr .-. Discharge Condition: Stable, %/L Discharge Instructions: -please continue with all medications as directed - strict I/O and weights daily -> goal I/O even, may need lasix prn to reach goal or depending on symptoms (shortness of breath, hypoxia, peripheral edema, etc - low salt diet - less than g daily - if symptoms of shortness of breath, chest pain, dizziness/lightheadededness, severe nausea/vomiting, diarrhea or any other concerning symptoms occur, please see your PCP immediately or come to the ED Followup Instructions: Please see your PCP - weeks after discharge from rehab. :",0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
1616,51959,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Morphine : Chief Complaint: Shortness of Breath and Chest Pain Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Hemodialysis on , History of Present Illness: y/o M ESRD on HD, CAD, CHF, atrial arrhythmia presenting with shortness of breath and chest pain of one day duration. Patient missed HD today and yesterday used cocaine. Chest pain is constant, in severity, squeezing in nature and similiar to recent episode following cocaine use. Today patient became short of breath while lying down, improves when sitting up. Describes cough of day duration, but denies fever, chills or sputum production. Shortness of breath similiar to prior episodes when missing HD. Describes mild headache, no vision changes or photophobia. Describes one episode of vomiting. . In the ED, initial vs were: . / %. For chest pain patient was given ativan, fentanyl with no relief. Patient received ASA from EMS, but refused nitro. Due to possibility of PNA patient was given vancomycin and zosyn. Also given albuterol for wheezing. For hyperkalemia (no peaked t waves on EKG given calcium gluconate, no documentation that kayexalate was given. Patient was admitted to ICU due to concern of oxygenation status and tachycardia. . Patient was recently admitted for chest pain following missed HD sessions and cocaine use. ECG on admission demonstrated new TWIs in V and V and new partial RBBB, troponin mildly elevated from baseline ., however cycled troponins flat and cards felt EKG changes due to demand. Hypoxia was secondary to volume overload and patient improved following three sessions of HD. Hospital course complicated by Atrial fib/flutter (controlled oniodarone and diltiazem. . Review of systems: (+ Per HPI (- Denies night sweats, recent weight loss or gain. Denies sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denies diarrhea, constipation, abdominal pain, or changes in bowel habits. Denies dysuria, frequency, or urgency. Denies arthralgias or myalgias. Denies rashes or skin changes. Past Medical History: - ESRD on HD T/Th/Sa at , , - Type diabetes mellitus c/b peripheral neuropathy - CAD: on review of records, he had demand ischemia in with no flow-limiting stenoses on cardiac cath. MIBI in showed reversible defects inferior/lateral. baseline troponin .-.. Cath in - normal coronaries. - Chronic systolic CHF with EF % ( TTE - Atrial fibrillation/AFlutter s/p ablation ; h/o atrial tachycardia s/p EPS and ablation . not on coumadin due to history of GIBs. - Hypertension - Dyslipidemia: TC , LDL , HDL , TG - History of GI bleeds: Duodenal, jejunal, and gastric AVMs s/p thermal therapy; diverticulosis throughout colon - Chronic pancreatitis - Possible Hepatitis C infection, HCV Ab + , but neg - GERD - Gout - s/p arthroscopy with medial meniscectomy - Depression with multiple hospitalizations due to SI - Polysubstance abuse: crack cocaine, EtOH, tobacco - frequent bouts of chest pain following crack/cocaine use - Erectile dysfunction s/p inflatable penile prosthesis - h/o C diff in Social History: pack-year smoking history, denies current smoking but per notes he is currently smokes cigarettes per day. He has a history of alcohol abuse, with DTs and detoxification, with last drink reportedly > year ago. Pt has used crack cocaine for years, approx -x/wk. Lives with his girlfriend. Family History: Mother had ESRD on HD, died from MI at the age of . Brothers and sisters, nearly all with DM. Physical Exam: General: Oriented . Able to speak in full sentances without respiratory distress. HEENT: Sclera anicteric, PERRL ->, MM slightly dry, oropharynx clear. Neck: supple, JVD elevated at least to ear. Lungs: Bilateral ronchi / up lung. CV: Tachycardic, normal S + S, no appreciated murmurs, rubs, gallops. Abdomen: soft, mildly distended, bowel sounds present, no tenderness or guarding, no organomegaly. Ext: well perfused, + pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis, + bilat LE edema. LUE with fistula vs. graft, good bruit and thrill. Neuro: CN-XII intact. Strength / in distal UEs and LEs. Pertinent Results: Labs on Admission: :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Neuts-.* Lymphs-.* Monos-. Eos-. Baso-. :PM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-.* Cl- HCO-* AnGap-* :PM BLOOD CK(CPK- :PM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. ------------------- Labs on Discharge: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na- K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-. -------------------- Cardiac enzymes: :PM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :PM BLOOD CK(CPK- :AM BLOOD CK(CPK- :PM BLOOD cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-.* :AM BLOOD CK-MB- cTropnT-.* ------------------- Micro: blood culture : no growth ------------------- Studies: . CHEST (PORTABLE AP Study Date of : PM IMPRESSION: Bilateral airspace opacities, likely pulmonary edema with superimposed infection involving the right lower and left mid lungs. Unchanged right pleural effusion. . CHEST (PORTABLE AP Study Date of : PM Relatively symmetric perihilar infiltration has progressed in the left lung, stabilized on the right most likely pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly is stable, but small right pleural effusion has decreased. No pneumothorax. . CHEST (PORTABLE AP Study Date of : AM Moderately severe pulmonary edema has improved and change in distribution, now more dependent. Mild cardiac enlargement stable. Pleural effusion, minimal if any. No pneumothorax. Brief Hospital Course: Assessment and Plan: M with ESRD on HD, CAD, DM, atrial arrhythmia, CHF, presenting with shortness of breath and chest pain in setting of cocaine abuse and missing hemodialysis. . Chest pain: Differential includes ACS, cocaine induced chest pain, pericarditis versus costocondiritis. Unlikely ACS as recent cath no CAD (however could be cocaine induced ischemia, no acute changes on EKG and he was ruled out with flat cardiac enzymes. Pain is not positional and no changes on EKG to suggest pericarditis. Pain is not reproducible to palpation to suggest costacondritis. Most likely cocaine induced chest pain based on recent use and prior history. Patient was continued on statin, aspirin and ACEI. Beta-blocker was avoided due to recent cocaine abuse. Patient's chest pain improved, but he continued to have his chronic dull chest pain on discharge. . Hypoxia: Patient was volume overloaded with pulmonary edema and effusions in setting of not getting HD. His EF is % on most recent echo in . There was no evidence of pneumonia, though patient did have productive cough. Patient was taken to urgent HD on with .L removed, and another makeup HD session on Monday . Patient's respiratory symptoms resolved on discharge. . Tachycardia/Aflutter: Patient with baseline Aflutter and atrial tachycardia, followed by Dr. in cardiology. Patient required diltiazem mg for HR s on admission to MICU. Amiodarone and diltiazem were continued. Beta-blocker was avoided because of cocaine use. Patient continued to be in atrial tachycardia, with HR around . . End-stage renal disease: Patient missed HD sessions prior to admission, which accounts for his volume overload and respiratory distress on admission. He underwent HD sessions on and . He also had a AV fistulogram which was ordered as outpatient but he never showed up for appointment. Some narrowing was noted at the fistula, so fistula revision was performed by IR. . Pain control: Patient has pain at AV fistula site during , which should improve now that his AV fistula has been revised. Dr. would like to give him no more than tablets of percocet per week, i.e., up to tablets of percocet per session. Four week supply of percocet ( tablets was provided to him at the time of discharge. . Hyperkalemia: Patient presented with K of ., secondary to missing HD sessions. No peaked t waves on EKG, but patient received calcium gluconate in the ED, and he underwent HD sessions on and . His potassium was within normal range during the rest of his hospital stay. . Hypertension: to volume overload. After HD sessions, patient's blood pressure improved, as well as his volume status. Diltiazem was continued. . Depression: Patient was seen by social work. Sertraline was continued. . Cocaine abuse: problem for patient. Patient was again see by addiction service for his cocaine abuse problem. was urged to stop using cocaine. . Metabolic acidosis: Admission anion gap was , likely secondary to renal failure from CKD. After HD sessions, patient's anion gap resolved. Medications on Admission: . Amiodarone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY . Sevelamer HCl mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO T W/MEALS ( TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY . Aspirin mg Tablet, One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg One ( Cap PO DAILY. . Albuterol Sulfate mcg/Actuation HFA Aerosol Inhaler Sig: Inhalation every four ( hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. . Diltzac ER mg Capsule One ( Capsule, Sustained Release PO once a day. . Gabapentin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO at bedtime. . Hydroxyzine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO three times a day as needed for itching. . Insulin Sliding scale . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day: . Percocet - mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO once a day Discharge Medications: . Amiodarone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Sevelamer HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T W/MEALS ( TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . Atorvastatin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . Lisinopril mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO once a day. . Albuterol Sulfate mcg/Actuation HFA Aerosol Inhaler Sig: Inhalation every four ( hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. . Diltiazem HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO Q ( times a day. . Gabapentin mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO QHD (each hemodialysis. . Hydroxyzine HCl mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for itching. . Sertraline mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Oxycodone-Acetaminophen - mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO Q as needed for pain for weeks: Patient gets every Tue//Sat, so should get percocet tabs per week . Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Cartridge Sig: Fourteen ( unit Subcutaneous at bedtime. . Humalog unit/mL Cartridge Sig: sliding scale Subcutaneous QACHS. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: diagnoses: Cocaine Induced Chest Pain End-state renal disease . diagnoses: Atrial tachycardia Discharge Condition: Mental Status:Clear and coherent Level of Consciousness:Alert and interactive Activity Status:Ambulatory - requires assistance or aid (walker or cane Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to for chest pain and shortness of breath. It is likely that your chest pain was caused by cocaine use and your shortness of breath was cuased by missing hemodialysis. You were initially admitted to the intensive care unit. Hemodialysis was performed and more than liters of fluid was removed. You had another make-up hemodialysis session on Monday , followed by your regular schedule of Tue//Sat. Your chest pain significantly improved but you continue to have your chronic chest pain. Your shortness of breath resolved. You also had an AV-fistulogram on since you missed your outpatient appointment for this study. The AV fistula was revised because of some narrowing. . Please weigh yourself every morning, if weight goes up more than lbs. . Please also note that you need to stop using cocaine. Please do not miss sessions. . Your medications were not changed. As Dr. indicated to you, you should not take more than tablets of percocet per week for , i.e., up to tablets per session. You're given week supply of percocet. Followup Instructions: We attmpted to make an appointment for you to see your hand surgeon, Dr. , but the staff in Dr. office said someone from the office will call you at home to let you know the date and time of the appointment. , NP in Cardiology, : : : Please make a follow up appointment with your PCP, . . ",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
931,17638,": : : Sex: M Service: NEUROLOGY HISTORY: This is a -year-old man with a past medical history of prostate cancer for the last seven years first diagnosed then and chronic urinary tract infection for the last eight months who presents with acute left sided weakness on the date of admission. He was in his usual state of health until the day of admission until he tried to get up out of his chair at . He fell and he had left leg weakness. His wife also noted that his speech became progressively more slurred. He then took two aspirin mg because he was worried about having a heart attack. He was brought to the Emergency Room at Hospital where a CT scan showed a right basal ganglia hemorrhage without mass effect. He was noted by his wife not to be able to move his left arm or left leg at all. This has remained stable for the last day and when I saw him in the Emergency Room. His speech had also worsened in the last few hours and he states that he was unable to feel his left arm and left leg. He had a mild headache, but had no other complaints regarding visual changes, chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea, or vomiting. He had no other associated complaints. He was transferred after being loaded with gram of fosphenytoin PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Prostate cancer years with resection, history of normal PSA. . Urinary tract infection months. . No hypertension, checked with PCP few weeks ago. PHYSICAL EXAM ON ADMISSION: His blood pressure is /, pulse is , respiratory rate . He is well-nourished in no acute distress. Neck was supple. Lungs were clear. Heart was regular. Neurologic examination: Mental status: He was awake, alert. Cooperative with examination. Normal affect, oriented to person, place, month, day, and date. Can say months of the year forward and backward. His language was fluent, however, it was extremely dysarthric, he can say, ma, ma, ma with gaa, gaa, gaa, and la, la, la with some difficulty. No paraphasic errors. Naming is intact. Fund of knowledge is normal. Registration and recall was . No apraxia, and neglect was difficult to assess due to sensory loss. Cranial nerves: Visual fields are full to confrontation. Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. Facial sensation was decreased in left V through V. Facial movement was limited on the left as well, lower greater than upper. Hearing was intact bilaterally. Tongue was deviated to the right. No vesiculations. Shoulder shrug was normal. His motor examination was normal bulk and tone, however, his tone was increased on the left upper extremity, no tremor on the right. He had a left hemiplegia -/ in the upper extremity and / in the lower extremity. He had a slight flicker at the shoulder. No pronator drift on the right. Sensation was decreased to light touch, pin prick, temperature, cold, vibration, and proprioception on the left. He could not tell I was touching him at all. Reflexes were on the right and on the left, however, both decreased at the plantars . Grasp reflex was absent. Toes was upgoing on the left, down on the right. Coordination was normal finger-nose-finger on the right, rapid alternating movements, and fine finger movements on the right, and heel-to-shin was normal on the right. He could not perform any of these tests on the left. Gait was not assessed. Laboratories at the outside hospital showed a white count of ., hematocrit of ., and glucose of . His chemistry was essentially normal. His coags were also normal. His troponin was less than .. CT scan of the brain showed a . . cuts intraparenchymal bleed involving the right thalamus, and capsule slightly increased in size compared to outside films with slight mass effect. The location of his bleed was initially suspicious for a hypertensive hemorrhage. However, on review of his records, he had not at that point, nor had ever been hypertensive, which raises the suspicion of a possible underlying lesion such as a metastatic lesion that bled or an aneurysm, most likely AVM. Prostate cancer is a low likelihood of going to brain as well as bleeding, however, as a heavy smoker, metastatic lung cancer in the differential much also be ruled out. We admitted him to the Neuromedicine service in the Intensive Care Unit for close blood pressure monitoring with a goal of less than and close neurologic examination with plans to repeat the CT scan if any change in neurological examination. We watched him in the Intensive Care Unit, and he did rather well. His blood pressure was under control, and did not require any pressors. He was seen by Neurosurgery, who felt that he was stable, and requested MRI when the patient was stable to rule out aneurysm. He continued to have a dense left hemiplegia and also with slight several silver-wiring on funduscopic examination, however, no other major findings. There is no end organ evidence for hypertensive disease. We were concerned about a past history of thyroid nodule and history of smoking to investigate for underlying cancer. He is evaluated by Speech and Swallow, at first put him on nectar thick liquids and soft solids, and crushed medications and puree. He later subsequently improved. He continued to do well. Throughout his admission he continued to have a left facial droop and left hemiplegia, and did not gain any strength. He was seen by Heme Onc on the first for the history of thyroid cancer, and we reviewed his past thyroid aspirate which showed atypical cells, however, it was not sufficient for full diagnosis. Patient was seen by Heme Onc and after noting the left shift with hypersegmented polys and large platelets, I felt that he may have a myeloproliferative disease that can be associated with platelet disorders. If the patient was actively bleeding with this disorder, one might given exogenous platelets given the platelet count was normal, however, he did not continue to bleed. Although spontaneous bleeds are rare in myeloproliferative disorders, we needed to rule this out, and he was bruising and did have an intracranial bleed. We decided to send out a LAP (leucocyte alkaline phosphatase score which came back normal at as well as a BCR-ABL translocation chromosome to look for CML, and this was pending on discharge. We also continued to watch him on the service and had the Foley in. We checked a urine culture which initially showed MRSA, however, he was asymptomatic, and so we decided to repeat the culture as this may have been a contaminant. He was afebrile and doing well. He was re-evaluated by Speech and Swallow, who felt that he was at low risk for aspiration. Speech saw them again on the th and showed that he was a silent aspirator on the video swallow study meaning that he does not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of aspiration or difficulty in drinking thin liquids, but actually was aspirating. It was decided not to give thin liquids at the time. They continue to follow him. Endocrinology was also consulted, and they recommend to repeat a thyroid ultrasound and repeat the fine needle aspiration of the thyroid as well. We were concerned that the relationship between the right thyroid nodule and basal ganglial bleed as thyroid cancer is known to met to the brain and known to also bleed. It was agreed to sending a laboratory score as well as waiting for the resting of the workup, and plan to do the fine needle aspiration on . They did feel that his nodule appeared to have shrunken overtime and the initial cytology was relatively benign. There was a low likelihood of malignancy, however, we can agree with the plan to check a fine needle. He was followed by PT and OT, and felt that he would be an excellent rehabilitation candidate. FNA was performed, however, results at discharge are pending. We also sent off a B and B binding as well as a uric acid and those results are pending as well on discharge. FOLLOW-UP INSTRUCTIONS: He is to followup with Endocrine, Heme Onc, and Clinic upon discharge. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Right basal ganglia bleed with resultant in left hemiplegia. . Prostate cancer. . Chronic urinary tract infection. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Ranitidine mg po bid. . Colace mg po bid. . Senna one tablet po q hs. . Tamsulosin HCL . mg po q hs. . Percocet tablet po q-h prn headache. . Nicotine patch mg transdermal q day. FOLLOWUP: He is to followup with Dr. at Endocrinology at and the Clinic here at . We will communicate the fine needle aspiration from cytology results to them. The results of the FNA will take several days and have been discussed with the patient and the patient's family. He is also to followup with Hematology/Oncology at . Again his laboratory score was negative, and his CML profile with a BCR-ABL PCR was pending. We discussed with the family that some point in the future he may need a repeat bone marrow biopsy to be considered for evaluation for myeloproliferative disorder, but at this time he can be followed closely by hematologist. His wife will arrange for the patient to be followed at the and Hematology as per family's request. He can followup with the Department of Neurology or Department of Stroke at with Dr. or Dr. /Dr. at , which I wrote for an appointment in weeks. He will also need a repeat urinalysis if his symptoms worsen and a urine culture that was sent on will need to be re-evaluated for growth, however, it was pending on discharge. He did have a previous urine culture that was positive, however, this may be indeed a contaminant as he was asymptomatic. He should also followup with his home urologist as previously scheduled. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Good. DISCHARGE STATUS: Rehabilitation. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
117,1277,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Phenergan : Chief Complaint: transferred to for bronchoscopy Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: . Flexible Bronchoscopy History of Present Illness: Mrs. is a year old woman with a history of severe COPD on, NSCLC s/p LUL lobectomy s/pRT, vent-dependence, tracheomalacia, s/p bavonna trach with Y-stent, type DM and CHF who is admitted to the MICU for mechanical ventilation. Her problems began in in the setting of hospitalization and then rehabilitation for CHF. She was transferred from to and intubatedwks for respiratory distress. She was thenfered to for trach/PEG. The trach was changed to a bavonna and then returned to . She did well until when she had increased work of breathing. The tracheostomy tube was then changed at and at a bronch was performed and it was noted she had an peri-tracheal ulceration with naer-total obstruction of her trach. In late was placed and the trach was placed into the stent. Her course was also complicated by serratia sepsis / pseudomonas & acinetobacter pneumonia, NSTEMI, fluid overload, and refractory hypotention. She was discharged to rehab . At rehab she did well, her diet was advanced but had great difficulty weaning from the vent. Past Medical History: . CHF s/p respiratory failure s/p trach . COPD - O dependent . NSCLC s/p LUL lobectomy , s/p chemo (Iressa/XRT, s/p ? pleurodesis . DM . Anemia, thrombocytopenia . Hx recurrent bacteremias . Hx fungemia . s/p L THR . s/p cataract surgery . s/p TAH . paroxysmal afib Social History: Lived in with husband, moved to in to live at . + Hx tobacco (uncertain duration. No EtoH, illicits. Very involved, supportive family. Family History: non-contributory Physical Exam: Weight prior tofer lbs VS: T . HR afib BP / RR Sat % Vent: AC x PEEP FIO . ; MAP Plat RR Mv . GEN: Pleasant obese woman +trach +foley +PICC HEENT: OP clear, MMM, PERRL, sclerae anicteric CV: nl s/s RRR PUL: Diffuse rhonchi ABD: Obese, soft, NT, ND +BS EXT: + LE edema to thighs, + LUE edema, + RUE edema. PICC in R AC. NEURO: Awake, alert. Pertinent Results: :PM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :PM PLT COUNT-* :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* :PM proBNP-* :PM GLUCOSE- UREA N- CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO-* ANION GAP- Brief Hospital Course: year old woman with respiratory failure, tracheomalacia, CHF, COPD on home o, and type diabetes presenting from rehab for rigid bronchoscopy. Tracheomalacia: s/p y-stent and bavonna trach /. The physicians at NE- have had difficulty weaning her from the vent. She is here for evaluation of whether her airways are patent and for other causes for her continued respiratory failure. The differential diagnosis is continued fluid overload, pneumonitis or pneumonia. - CXR showed bilateral lung opacities, possibly slightly more aerated than in the prior study from - flex bronch in AM - found to have subglottic and supraglottic edema , subglottic stenosis, and bronchitis. IP recs to increase PPI to , start guaifenisin mg po bid, increase flovent to mcg puffs . Please return to IP if problems with decannulation. . Cardiac: h/o CHF, systolic dysfunction. She is significantly fluid overloaded on exam, but by family report is much improved. Her BP was difficult to manage so we gently diuresed her. . UTI: started fluconazole for day course for >, yeast in urine. . Endocrine: continue NPH and SSI, diabetic diet. - hold NPH when NPO . PPX: SCD boots, PPI, HOB > degrees. . Comm: with husband. . CODE: full Medications on Admission: Combivent inh puffs qh Atorvastatin mg daily Aranesp .mg qFri Digoxin .mg daily Docusate mg twice daily Esomeprazole mg daily Iron Sulfate mg daily Fluticasone mcgI twice daily Lasix mg po qhr NPH u sc qAM Midodrine mg po qh Miconazole pwdr Paroxetine mg daily KCL meq po hr Spironoalactone mg daily Tylenol mg qh prn fever bisacodyl supp daily prn constipation lactulsoe cc tid prn constipation SLNTG prn cp Trazadone mg prn insomnia Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: . Respiratory failure s/p trach placement . Tracheomalacia . CHF . COPD . Type Diabetes Mellitus Discharge Condition: . Stable Discharge Instructions: - Please take all medications as prescribed. Followup Instructions: . Please return to Interventional Pulmonary if there are problems with decannulation of the trach ",0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
892,15748,": : : Sex: F CHIEF COMPLAINT: Myasthenia crisis in the setting of a urinary tract infection. HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Ms is a year old woman diagnosed one year ago. She was first diagnosed with myasthenia in after first noticing a drooping eye and slightly slurred speech in . In Ms had a positive Tensilon test and her bloodwork was positive for acetylcholine receptor antibodies. The chest computerized tomography scan was performed at Medical Center in and revealed a cm artery suspicious for a thymoma. She was started on Mestinon in and had a good response. She had one episode of dyspnea in at which point the Mestinon dose was increased from // to t.i.d. She had never been treated with steroids or immunosuppression prior to this admission. Ms was in her usual state of health until approximately three weeks prior to admission when she developed a urinary tract infection marked by increased urinary frequency. For six days prior to admission she was treated with Macrobid. At approximately the same time as she developed the urinary tract infection Ms started to have some difficulty chewing and swallowing. She began to have slurred speech approximately one week after this, two weeks prior to admission. Her neurologist increased her dose of Mestinon to mg t.i.d. Approximately on to the patient began to have extreme bifacial weakness and episodes of shortness of breath with orthopnea and difficulty handling her secretions. Her symptoms were worsened at night. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Hypertension, no coronary artery disease or kidney disease, no lung disease and no liver disease. ALLERGIES: No known drug allergies, however, the patient has many contraindications to medications due to her myasthenia including iodide negative contrast, Penicillin, Quinine, Procainamide and Beta blockers. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Mestinon mg t.i.d., Dyazide / mg q. day, Prinivil mg p.o. q. day, finishing a course of Macrobid. FAMILY HISTORY: Mother had an myocardial infarction, father with cancer. SOCIAL HISTORY: Retired clerk, lives in with sister, nonsmoker, does not drink alcohol, no history of intravenous drug abuse. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: At the time of presentation blood pressure is /, heartrate , with mask on is cc with . liters. Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat, normocephalic, atraumatic. Cardiac, normal S and S with regular rate, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen, soft, nontender, nondistended. Extremities, no edema. Neurological examination, mental status alert and oriented times three, attentive to examination. Speech is appropriate and fluent without paraphasic errors, repetition is intact. Naming is intact. Comprehension is intact. Able to read and write. Cranial nerves throughII, pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. Funduscopic examination, normal left and right. Extraocular movements full with holding extreme gaze, visual fields full. V through V symmetric and intact to temperature, light touch and pinprick, Masseter muscle strength is decreased, difficulty keeping her mouth closed. Left eyelid extremely weak, bifacial weakness, unable to whistle. Hearing is grossly intact. Bilateral palatal elevation. Tongue is midline but extremely weak. Sternocleidomastoid and trapezius / strength bilaterally, able to swallow thin liquids. Motor strength, no tremor, normal bulk and tone. No pronator drift. Strength examination, deltoids - bilaterally, finger flexors and finger extensors bilaterally, interosseous muscles bilaterally, otherwise the upper extremity has / strength, in the lower extremities flexors bilaterally, there is otherwise / strength. Neck flexion and extension is unbreakable. Sensory examination, intact to light touch and temperature. Proprioception intact, no aesthesia to double stimulation. Reflexes were symmetric with + in the upper extremity, unobtainable in the lower extremities, downgoing plantar reflexes bilaterally. Coordination, finger-to-nose intact likely due to weakness, rapid alternating movements intact bilaterally, heel-to-shin intact bilaterally. Gait, able to walk. LABORATORY DATA: Complete blood count within normal limits. Chem- is okay. Urinalysis is still infected. HOSPITAL COURSE: Ms was brought to the Emergency Department on . In the Emergency Department she had a NIFF of - and a vital capacity of . using face mask. She had a Tensilon test which was positive and Mestinon dose was increased from mg t.i.d. to mg t.i.d. She was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit but did not require intubation during her stay there. On , she was started on intravenous immunoglobulin and high dose Prednisone ( mg p.o. q. day. Speech and swallow study on suggested that the patient is continuing to have difficulties with thin liquids but thick liquids and purees were tolerated well. Two days after starting the Prednisone the patient worsened in terms of her facial weakness and her respiratory status remained stable (vital capacity . liters. She was transferred to the floor on . At this time she felt slightly stronger, her NIFFs were - and a vital capacity of . liters. She completed her five day course of intravenous immunoglobulin without difficulty and continued to do better on her increased dose of mg p.o. t.i.d. of Mestinon. On the floor her NIFF and vital capacity continued to improve and by her NIFFs were ranging in the mid - and vital capacity was . liters. Consultation was requested of Cardiothoracic Surgery, after a repeat chest computerized tomography scan. She continued to show thymoma of . by mm in dimension. A section via sternotomy was suggested to the patient, she seems amenable to this. On , the patient had a blood clot which she believed to be passed in her urine, however, gynecologic examination revealed no blood in the vaginal canal or rectal hemorrhoids and guaiac positive stool. It was thought the patient was most likely bleeding secondary to hemorrhoids. Results of a repeat urinalysis are pending at this time. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Imuran mg p.o. q. day . Mestinon mg p.o. t.i.d. . Prednisone mg p.o. q. day . Dyazide / mg one tablet p.o. q. day . Lisinopril mg p.o. q.d. . Pantoprazole mg p.o. q. day DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: The patient will be sent home with daily respiratory assessment and daily blood pressure checks by a visiting nurse and home health aid, and she will follow up with the Clinic as well as with Cardiothoracic Surgery at and her own Neurologist . , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1173,30516,": : : Sex: F Service: SURGERY Allergies: Penicillins : Chief Complaint: right flank pain/large vascular lesion arising from segment Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: segment V-VI resection, ccy, wedge liver biopsy History of Present Illness: y.o. female who developed right flank pain after falling on the ice bruising her righ hip and right side. Pain worsened. She was seen by PCP and CT of the abd was done revealing a large mass measuring .x.x. cm arising from the right lobe of the liver. There was heterogeneous enhancement throughout most of the mass and its inferior aspect. There was also a .x. cm area of lower density, probably representing a cystic degeneration. Another low density fluid consistent with subcapsular hemorrhage measured .xcm. There was concern for ruptured and bleeding HCC. She initially saw Dr. then was referred to Dr. . A triphasic CT was done to better define these areas. Dr. discussed indication fo rsegment VI resection and /or right hepatic lobectomy. Past Medical History: cervical ca in benign breast tumor s/p resection partial hysterectomy , ovaries still in place Hypothyroidism Depression Social History: Married. Has high school education. Works as housecleaner. She has three adult children Family History: Maternal grandfather died of stomach CA alive with HTN Physical Exam: Well appearing, in, kg Neck FROM RRR, I/VI sys Murmur Lungs clear B Ext-no edema Pertinent Results: :PM freeCa-.* :PM HGB-.* calcHCT- :PM GLUCOSE-* LACTATE-.* NA+-* K+-. CL-- :PM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :PM PLT COUNT- :PM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :PM ALT(SGPT-* AST(SGOT-* ALK PHOS- TOT BILI-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N- CREAT-. SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- Brief Hospital Course: She underwent Segment V-VI resection, CCY, IOUS, wedge bx of liver nodule, wedge bx to research on by Dr. W. . EBL was cc. OR findings were as follows the patient had a large hard mass arising from segment , segment of the liver. There were multiple small satellite nodules adjacent to the mass as well as multiple other nodules in the right lobe and medial segment. There were no palpable nodules in the left lateral segment. Intraoperative ultrasound confirmed these findings. The patient also did have a small cm cavernous hemangioma in the dome of the right lobe of the liver. The mass was densely adherent to the transverse colon near the hepatic flexure as well as to the omentum. Please see OR report for further details. Postop, hct was .. The JP was draining serosang drainage. She experienced a good deal of pain despite epidural. A bolus of lidocaine was given as well as iv morphine and ativan with decreased pain. Morphine was changed to dilaudid for breakthru. She continued to experience incisional pain and toradol was started for days. On , the epidural was removed and iv dilaudid pca was started with good relief of pain. Diet was slowly advanced and tolerated. The foley was removed on pod . LFTs trended down. The incision remained c/d/i and her abd was mildly distended, soft with +bowel sounds. The JP continued to drain ~ to cc/day. On pod , the pca was d/c'd after starting oxycodone. On a hour urine was started to check -HIAA and a serum serotonin and chromogran were sent given neuroendocrine features seen on liver bx. Final pathologic diagnosis was confirmatory of hepatocellular carcinoma with ? vascular invasion. Vital signs were stable and she wasbulatory. She was discharged home on in stable condition. Medications on Admission: Levoxyl ', Celexa ', Wellbutrin ', Calcium, Magnesium Discharge Medications: . Levothyroxine mcg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Citalopram mg Tablet Sig: . Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Bupropion mg Tablet Sustained Release Sig: Two ( Tablet Sustained Release PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Oxycodone mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Ibuprofen mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: multifocal hepatocellular carcinoma in liver Discharge Condition: good Discharge Instructions: Call Dr. office if fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, incision redness/drainage or increased abdominal pain, jaundice (yellowing of skin/eyes or any questions. shower No driving while taking pain medications. Take stools softeners while taking pain medications Followup Instructions: ,,: : : , :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
1454,52786,": : : Sex: F Service: -MED HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Mrs. is a year old female with a year history of HIV; recent CD count of and viral load of ,, who was admitted on , with a diagnosis of a subcapsular renal hematoma. Mrs. has developed an acidosis and hypokalemia over the past several months and had a rising BUN and creatinine. On , she had a left renal biopsy which was apparently tolerated without incident. She was discharged home and did well until , when she returned to the Emergency Department with left lower quadrant pain, nausea and vomiting. A CT scan in the Emergency Room revealed a left renal subcapsular hematoma and labs revealed a hematocrit of . She was transfused two units of packed red blood cells and given two units of fresh frozen plasma and transferred to the Intensive Care Unit. In the Intensive Care Unit, her hematocrit rose to and she was stable overnight. On the morning of , she was called out to the Medicine Firm where we took care of her from that point on. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Human Immunodeficiency Virus for years. She has had both fungal and viral infections; a fungal infection of her esophagus, Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia about four years ago and shingles times two. . Anemia believed to be multi-factorial in nature due to both HIV infection as well as anti-viral medications. Iron studies in , suggested iron deficiency is not a significant cause of this anemia, although the patient does state that her menstrual periods sometimes have a heavy flow. The patient's erythropoietin level on was high, reducing the possibility of a renal etiology. Baseline creatinine was . on the day of renal biopsy. . History of hypertension. ALLERGIES: Allergies include sulfa drugs. MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER OUT OF THE UNIT: . Lamivudine mg p.o. twice a day. . Ritonavir/Lopinovir combination, three capsules p.o. twice a day. . Tenofivir mg p.o. q. day. . Pantoprazole mg p.o. q. . . Fexocenidine mg p.o. twice a day. . Sirtoline HCl mg p.o. q. day. . Hydromorphone to mg intravenously q. three to four hours p.r.n. flank pain. . Dapsone mg p.o. q. day. . Acetaminophen to mg p.o. q. six hours p.r.n. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient lives with her two sons. She does not work. She denies tobacco, alcohol, or intravenous drug abuse history. She reports she contracted HIV through sexual contact. FAMILY HISTORY: Father died of brain aneurysm. Mother is alive with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: On admission to the floor, vital signs were temperature . F.; pulse ; blood pressure /; respiratory rate ; O % on room air. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. Cardiovascular examination is regular rate and rhythm. No murmurs, rubs or gallops. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, left lower quadrant tenderness. No obvious hepatosplenomegaly. Lower extremities with no edema. Skin with no lesions. LABORATORY: From the Unit, included a white blood cell count of ., hematocrit ., platelets of , INR of .. Urinalysis showing greater than mg per dl of protein. Glucose , BUN , creatinine .. Sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate . HOSPITAL COURSE: . Renal hematoma: Urology saw the patient when she was in the Medical Intensive Care Unit on , and did not recommend any surgical intervention. Her hematocrit bumped well with blood and it was determined that as long as the patient's hematocrit remained stable, they could avoid any invasive procedures. They has also noted that before they would proceed to surgery they would attempt an Interventional Radiology procedure. In any event, the patient continued to do well, was transferred out to the floor. Her hematocrit was checked twice a day. She required one unit of blood two days after being called out the floor, but other than that, remained stable. She had a renal ultrasound repeated on , which showed continued presence of the hematoma but no significant change in size, and her hematocrit remained stable. At the time of discharge, her hematocrit was ., which we believed is near her baseline, which actually is .. . Fungal esophagitis: The patient had been on , experimental Conazol medication until approximately one month prior to admission. This was for treatment of biopsy proven fungal esophagitis. The patient's medication was stopped because her QT began to get prolonged which is a known complication of the drug. She had been on no treatment since then and in-house complained of esophageal pain. Because of this, the Infectious Disease Team was consulted and recommended Nystatin swish and swallow for the time being and a repeat esophagogastroduodenoscopy to document that, in fact, she did have continued fungal esophagitis and that she did not develop a new cause of esophagitis such as CMV or HIV. The patient, however, refused to have an esophagogastroduodenoscopy in-house saying that she couldn't do it at the present time because she felt too weak and not up to it. She did request that she have it as an outpatient. This was discussed with Dr. , the Gastrointestinal fellow who had performed her previous EGD. He said that the patient could have this following discharge as an outpatient. The patient was agreeable to this. At the time of her discharge, her esophageal pain was still present but stable. . HIV: The patient was continued on all her HIV medications that she came in on. . Infectious Disease: The patient continued to have fevers throughout her course here as high as . F., generally spiking once to twice a day. Blood cultures and urine cultures were sent several times and failed to prove anything. It was believed that these fevers were largely due to her retroperitoneal hematoma which can cause this. However, she did have one urinalysis come back positive and ultimately grew out Enterococcus. Because of this, she was put on Amoxicillin which she will be discharged home on to complete a seven-day course. Additional positive blood cultures results were femoral line catheter tip that was removed and grew out coagulase negative Staphylococcus. This was believed to be a contaminant and the line was removed, so it was not believed to be a problem. . Hypertension: The patient was continued on her Lopressor without incident. . Renal: The renal biopsy results were still being determined at the time of her discharge. However, preliminary results per the Renal Team showed a micro-angiopathic pattern which was unexpected since the leading diagnosis to have the biopsy was HIV nephropathy. The Renal Team had plans to discuss this with Hematology/Oncology Service and would follow-up with the patient to discuss results and potential treatment. . Pain: The patient's left lower quadrant pain was still present at discharge, however, had improved. We will discharge her on p.r.n. Dilaudid for pain control. DISPOSITION: At the time of this dictation, the patient was planned to be discharged the following morning of , to home. She does not require any services per her attending, and will follow-up with her attending next week. She already has an appointment. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE STATUS: To home. DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: . Follow-up will be with Dr. . DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Retroperitoneal subcapsular left renal hematoma secondary to renal biopsy. . Human Immunodeficiency Virus. . Fungal esophagitis. . Enterococcus urinary tract infection. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Amoxicillin mg p.o. twice a day times two more days following discharge. . Nystatin Swish and Swallow. . Tenofivir mg p.o. q. day. . Colectra capsules p.o. twice a day. . Lamivudine mg p.o. q. day. . Dilaudid to mg p.o. q. four to six hours p.r.n. . Lopressor mg p.o. twice a day. . Dapsone mg p.o. q. day. . Zoloft mg p.o. q. day. . mg p.o. q. day. . Protonix mg p.o. q. day. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
441,7091,": : Service: . HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is an year old female with a history of significant coronary artery disease and ejection fraction of less than % who, on the day of admission, was in her usual state of health until around p.m. when she was sitting in a chair and felt increasing shortness of breath with associates increase in heart rate and palpitations. Denies chest pain or nausea. The patient did experience diaphoresis for approximately ten to minutes. She called her neighbor who subsequently called . The EMS arrived and found patient to be in moderate respiratory distress with respiratory rate in the s and oxygen saturations in the mid-s. The patient was subsequently intubated en route to where she was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit and placed on a Nitroglycerin drip, given intravenous Lasix and subsequently diuresed two liters urine output. The patient was successfully extubated ten hours after admission with resultant oxygen saturations to % on room air. The patient was stabilized and transferred to the medical floor on . PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease with ischemic cardiomyopathy and left ventricular ejection fraction of % per echocardiogram. Non-Q wave myocardial infarction in (the patient refused cardiac catheterization at that time; two plus mitral regurgitation with severe left ventricular hypokinesis. . Hypertension. . Type diabetes mellitus, diet controlled. . Hypercholesterolemia. . Gout. . Multi-focal neuropathy. . Status post cholecystectomy. . Appendectomy. MEDICATIONS AT HOME: . Lasix mg p.o. q. day. . Diovan mg p.o. q. day. . Imdur mg p.o. q. day. . Coreg . mg p.o. twice a day. . Enteric coated aspirin mg p.o. q. day. . Allopurinol mg p.o. q. day. . Synthroid . mg p.o. q. day. . Atorvastatin mg p.o. q. day. . Multivitamin. . Ativan . mg p.o. q. h.s. p.r.n. . Fosamax mg p.o. q. week. . Vitamin B micrograms intramuscularly q. six months. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient is a retired lawyer who lives alone. He does not smoke cigarettes and drinks occasional alcohol. FAMILY HISTORY: Noncompliant. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Vital signs upon admixing were temperature of . F.; heart rate ; blood pressure /; respirations ; oxygenation % on room air. General appearance: Pleasing female in no acute distress, speaking in full sentinels. HEENT: Mucous membranes were moist. Oropharynx clear. Pupils equally round and reactive to light. Neck: Jugular venous pressure cm, supple. Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm with normal S, S and question of S. Pulmonary is clear to auscultation bilaterally with no evidence of crackles, rhonchi or wheezing. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, positive bowel sounds. Extremities with trace pedal edema bilaterally with one plus distal pulses. LABORATORY: On admission, white blood cell count . with % neutrophils, % lymphocytes, % monocytes, % eosinophils. Hematocrit ., MCV , platelets . Chem- with sodium , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , CK , troponin less than .. Arterial blood gas at time of admission while intubated is ., , . EKG at time of admission is normal sinus rhythm with prolonged QRS at meloschisis. Left bundle branch block. left axis deviation. Pseudo-normalization of T waves in leads I and. Old T wave inversion in leads AVR and AVL. Old ST elevations in V through V. Old ST depressions in V and V, biphasic T waves in V with new ST depressions and biphasic T wave in V. Chest-ray at time of admission is gross pulmonary edema with question opacification of left retrocardiac area Urinalysis positive nitrites, small leukocyte esterase, zero to two white blood cells, many bacteria, zero red blood cells. No yeast or epithelial cells. SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE: . Cardiovascular: The patient with severe ischemic cardiomyopathy and left ventricular ejection fraction of less than % per echocardiogram. It was felt that the patient's rapid improvement with diuresis and blood pressure control makes flash pulmonary edema the most likely diagnosis upon admission. There was a question of possible infiltrate causing hypoxia and dyspnea, however, with intravenous diuresis a repeat chest-ray did not reveal any focal infiltrate. The patient remained stable on her outpatient cardiac regimen. The patient was ruled out for myocardial ischemia as possible etiology of flash pulmonary edema and diffuse primarily old EKG changes. She ruled out with CK of , , , with CK MB , and troponin of . and .. Of note, on , her troponin I increased to . but subsequently decreased the following day. As the patient had no symptoms of chest pain or EKG changes, the decision was made to continue medical management and have the patient follow-up with primary care physician as an outpatient. The patient remained chest pain free throughout this hospitalization and continued to remain stable on outpatient medical regimen. As the patient had refused cardiac catheterization in the past, this was again discussed and the patient again refused elective catheterization. The decision to manage medically was agreed upon with primary care physician. . Pulmonary: After initial episode of hypoxia, the patient remained stable status post intravenous diuresis and afterload reduction. At time of discharge, her oxygen saturations remained stable between and % on room air. A repeat PA and lateral chest-ray was done to rule out infiltrate status post diuresis which revealed no infiltrates. The patient had no cough, fever or sputum production. She did receive a single dose of Levofloxacin and Flagyl in the Emergency Department prior to diuresis for possible pneumonia as etiology of shortness of breath. The antibiotics were not continued as the patient had no leukocytosis or fever. Her fever curve and white blood cell count were monitored throughout this hospitalization and remained negative. A repeat urine culture was drawn given a positive nitrites with increased bacteria in her urinalysis. Urine culture, however, remained negative at time of discharge. She is to follow-up with her primary care physician should she develop symptoms of dysuria or fever. \ . Endocrine: The patient is a type diabetic who, in the past, has controlled her diabetes mellitus with diet alone. Fingerstick blood sugars were performed four times a day and glucose remained in good control. The patient refused regular insulin sliding scale but however, never had a fingerstick blood sugar greater than . She was continued on Levothyroxine for hypothyroidism and Fosamax for osteoporosis. . Renal: The patient's BUN and creatinine remained stable with diuresis, hovering around a baseline of . to .. The patient had excellent urine output and a Foley catheter was discontinued prior to discharge. The patient was able to urinate spontaneously. . Gout: The patient was continued on Allopurinol. CONDITION AT DISCHARGE: Fair. DISCHARGE STATUS: The patient is discharged to home with home Physical Therapy and . DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: . She will follow-up with Dr. in one week. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Unchanged from admission medications: . Lasix mg p.o. q. day. . Diovan mg p.o. q. day. . Imdur mg p.o. q. day. . Coreg . mg p.o. twice a day. . Enteric coated aspirin mg p.o. q. day. . Allopurinol mg p.o. q. day. . Synthroid . mg p.o. q. day. . Atorvastatin mg p.o. q. day. . Multivitamin. . Ativan . mg p.o. q. h.s. p.r.n. . Fosamax mg p.o. q. week. . Vitamin B micrograms intramuscularly q. six months. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1985,53339,": : : Sex: M Service: NEUROSURGERY Allergies: Tramadol / Hydrocodone Bitartrate/Apap : Chief Complaint: New left motor deficit Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Right Frontal craniotomy for resection of mass placement PEG History of Present Illness: Patient is a yo man with PMH of Non small cell lung CA,dementia, brain injury, DM, DVT who was brought in by EMS after family noted decline in his cognition and strength over the last week. His wife reports that his Lung Cancer was diagnosed in , and that he had a right lung lobectomy, chemo,radiation all in . Outside notes however report that Lung Bx was in and portacath for chemo was removed in . Wife says that he had week of chemo, and then had to be discontinued because portacath infection. Lung surgery was complicated by vocal cord paralysis. He has continued to lose weight, becoming weaker. Apparently over the last week had more difficulty with cognition and generally became weaker. They note that left arm seems weaker than right. He can still speak, but speaks less reliably and seems confused from time to time.Fluctuates. He has been unable to walk for the last several days. EMS found him on floor with pressure ulcers over left ear and left side. Past Medical History: NSCLCA s/p radiation and chemo Right upper lobectomy vocal cord paralysis Diabetes Mellitus Dementia Brain injury s/p drug overdose NPH RUE DVT Social History: active smoker trying to quit, - ETOH Family History: DM, Heart Disease Physical Exam: On Admission: O: T: . BP: / HR: R OSats Gen: WD/WN, comfortable, NAD. HEENT: Pupils: bilat EOMs intact Neck: Supple. Lungs: Decreased sounds right lung field, poor effort. Cardiac: RRR. S/S. Abd: Soft, NT, BS+ Extrem: Warm and well-perfused. Neuro: Mental status: Awake and alert, cooperative with exam, flat affect. Has a left hand grasp reflex. Orientation: Oriented to person, month and says  for year and  for place. Recall: could not recall. Inattentive and cannot do DOWB. Language: Says only words at a time. Has good comprehension and repeats word sentence. Naming intact only of . No dysarthria or paraphasic errors. Can only whisper because of vocal cord paralysis. Cranial Nerves: I: Not tested II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light, to mm bilaterally. Visual fields difficult to assess duw to inattention. III,,: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally without nystagmus. V,I: Slight left facial weakness, lower. Upper face intact. Sensory intact. VIII: Hearing intact to voice. IX,: Palatal elevation symmetrical. : Sternocleidomastoid and trapezius normal bilaterally. XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations. Motor: D T B FE IP TE Q R + poor effort L - + + + poor effort Sensation: Intact to light touch. Reflexes: B T Br Pa Ac Right trace throughout Left trace throughout Toes downgoing bilaterally Coordination: Patient could not cooperate. On Discharge: Speech improved, awake, alert oriented, usually off on date but close. motor full on right, + to UE and LE Pertinent Results: CT Head Right frontal lobe mass as described above. Differential diagnosis includes necrotic metastasis, primary cystic neoplasm, or abscess. MRI is recommended for further evaluation. MRI Head with and without Large right frontal lobe mass with extensive surrounding vasogenic edema which most likely represents a metastatic lesion in this patient with lung cancer. Differential include primary glial neoplasm. CT Head Interval right frontal craniotomy and resection of the right frontal lobe mass with hyperdense material in the resection bed concerning for acute hemorrhage. Significant interval decrease in leftward shift of the normally midline structures compared to . Brief Hospital Course: Patient presented to from OSH with complaints of recent weight loss, left sided weakness, cognition difficulties, inability tobulate , and difficulty speaking. CT Scan in the ED showed a new large right frontal mass. He was admitted to the neurosurgery service and on the morning of it was decided that he would undergo resection of the mass with Dr. on the morning of . Given his history of nonsmall cell lung cnacer a CT Chest was obtained to evaluate for any lesions. The CT was negative for lesions but an AV fistula was found between the Right subclavian artery and vein. No emergent treatment was needed for this and per radiology this should be followed up with a potential IR guided procdure in the near future. Also on the th an MRI with gadolinium showed a cystic enhancing, .cm by .cm mass in the right frontal area with cm of midline shift. In preparation for the OR a WAND study was obtained early in the morning of . In order to do this study, in the setting of a low GFR, consent was required to administer the gadalinium which was obtained by one of the neuroradiology residents. On he underwent a right frontal craniotomy for mass resection with Dr. . Post-operativly he was transferred to the surgical ICU intubated for further care. He remained stable overnight and on he was extubated in the morning without difficulty and transferred to the floor later that day. His steroids were tapered as his exam continued to improve. He was evaluated by vascular surgery for his h/o coumadin use for arm DVT and findings on CT but their recommendation was that anticoagulation was not needed and patient should follow up with vascular surgeon in months. He was evaluated by PT and OT and felt suitable for rehab. He was also evaluated by Speech and swallow and failed twice on consecutive days and ended up having a PEG placed . hours later it was ready for use for meds and tube feed was started and goal was reached. His glucose was elevated due to steroids but this improved with tapering of steroids and addition of tube feed and usual insulin doses. He was seen by neuro-oncology and radiation oncology and has plans for follow up at which point some type of radiation therapy will be initiated - weeks after surgery. He had staples in his wound which was well healing and should be removed . His left motor function continued to improve and was essentially full at time of discharge with the exception of left IP. Medications on Admission: ATivan . Q prn anxiety Ambien . mg daily Oxycodone CR mg Q hrs Metoprolol . T Coumadin mg daily Meclizine Aldactone once daily Lantus daily Arricept MVi, Spiriva Discharge Medications: . Lorazepam . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for anxiety. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily. . Senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Tiotropium Bromide mcg Capsule, withInhalation Device Sig: One ( Cap Inhalation DAILY (Daily. . Zolpidem mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. . Oxycodone mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. . Heparin (Porcine ,: One ( Injection T ( times a day. . : One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for pain,fever. . Nystatin ,: Five ( ML PO Q ( times a day as needed for . . Ondansetron HCl (PF mg/ mL Solution Sig: One ( Injection QH (every hours as needed for nausea. . Levetiracetam mg/mL Solution Sig: ( mg PO B ( times a day. . Famotidine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Dexamethasone mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours. . Clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . Magnesium Hydroxide mg/ mL Suspension Sig: Thirty ( ML PO QH (every hours as needed for no bm. . Lorazepam . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours as needed for anxiety. . Insulin Glargine unit/mL Solution Sig: Thirty ( units Subcutaneous at lunchtime. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: - Discharge Diagnosis: Right Frontal brain mass UTI heel pressure ulcers dysphagia protein/calorie malnutrition Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Confused - sometimes Activity Status: Out of Bed with assistance to chair or wheelchair Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive Discharge Instructions: General Instructions ?????? Have your incision checked daily for signs of infection. ?????? Take your pain medicine as prescribed. ?????? Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, or excessive bending. ?????? You may wash your hair beginning then recommend daily showers. ?????? Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain medicine can cause constipation. We generally recommend taking an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace while taking narcotic pain medication. ?????? Do not take any anti-inflammatory medicines such as Motrin, Aspirin, Advil, and Ibuprofen etc for weeks. ?????? You were on a medication Coumadin (Warfarin for history of blood clot in arm but vascular surgery saw you and felt coumadin no longer needed for this. ?????? You have been prescribed Keppra (Levetiracetam, for anti-seizure medicine, take it as prescribed, you will not require blood work monitoring. ?????? Clearance to drive and return to work will be addressed at your post-operative office visit. ?????? Make sure to continue to use your incentive spirometer while at home, unless you have been instructed not to. CALL YOUR SURGEON IMMEDIATELY IF YOU EXPERIENCE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ?????? New onset of tremors or seizures. ?????? Any confusion or change in mental status. ?????? Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities. ?????? Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not relieved by pain medication. ?????? Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, tenderness, or drainage. ?????? Fever greater than or equal to ?????? F. Followup Instructions: Follow-Up Appointment Instructions ??????Please have your staples removed at rehab or if needed in the neurosurgery office. This appointment can be made with the Physician . Please make this appointment by calling . If you live quite a distance from our office, please make arrangements for the same, with your PCP. ??????Please call ( to schedule an appointment with Dr. , to be seen in weeks.You will also need a CT scan of the brain without contrast prior to this appt. ??????You will not need an MRI of the brain with/ or without gadolinium contrast. You have an appt with: , Clinic. : : :. Future radiation treatment and lung cancer treatment will be planned at this appt. Please follow up with Dr. in Vascular Surgery in months for arm. Call for appt. :",1,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1
514,10028,": : : Sex: Service: ADDENDUM: This addendum covers the states to and revises the discharge medications and instructions. CONTINUATION OF HOSPITAL COURSE: Th patient continued to do well on her antibiotic regimen and completed a ten day course of Vancomycin, Aztreonam with no return of fevers or elevated white blood cell count. The patient's pain was well controlled with MS-Contin, Midrin, Tylenol and Nortriptyline added at night. The patient was transitioned off of Coumadin and onto Lovenox while she underwent an upper endoscopy procedure. The patient will go out on Lovenox and then will need to be reloaded with Coumadin and made therapeutic on Coumadin for her positive anticardiolipin antibody syndrome and history of pulmonary embolus. An upper endoscopy was performed which was remarkable for food contents noted in the lower third of the esophagus, above the gastroesophageal junction. The contents were cleared and the dilation was performed. The patient also underwent MRCP to follow-up on CT findings which showed dilated common bile duct. The MRCP and the CT findings were essentially identical to similar tests done three years ago at . The MRCP was noted for dilatation of the intra and extra hepatic ducts without masses or stones; greater dilatation on the left sided hepatic ducts with hepatic atrophy. This finding will be followed up as an outpatient with her gastroenterologist. The patient will also likely need a colonoscopy with her gastroenterologist, Dr. . The patient also had a nasogastric tube placed under fluoroscopic for tube feedings and tube feedings were begun and advanced towards the goal rate of cc per hour of Pro-Balance. The patient tolerated these tube feedings without vomiting or diarrhea. Rheumatology saw the patient regarding her diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus. The patient will be instructed to follow-up with the rheumatology service as an outpatient for further evaluation of this condition. The patient was also seen by the surgery consult service with regards to the surgical placement of a jejunostomy feeding tube. They felt that she would benefit from aggressive nutritional repletion first, before undergoing any surgery for fear that she would not heal well from surgery at this time. The patient will be discharged to a rehabilitation facility for further NJ tube feedings and p.o. feedings as tolerated. She will continue to follow-up with her specialty physicians while there. REVISED DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: VG capsule once a day. Protonic mg once a day. Mirtazapine mg once a day. Lactulose ml once at bedtime. Colace twice a day mg. Calcium carbonate mg three times a day with meals. Albuterol inhaler. Vitamin D unit tablet once a day. Folic acid mg once a day. Ativan two times a day. Reglan one tablet four times a day. Buspirone mg three times a day. Midrin capsule one to two tabs every eight hours as needed for migraine. Prednisone . mg once a day. Morphine sulfate mg tablet every four to six hours for break through pain. Morphine sulfate mg SR tablet every hours. Levothyroxine mcg once a day. Coumadin tablets once a day; please adjust this dose based on monitoring of INR. Lovenox mg subcutaneous every hours. This medication can be stopped once the INR is in therapeutic range. Miconazole nitrate powder three times a day as needed. Nortriptyline mg once at bedtime. Tylenol mg every six hours. Zofran mg intravenous as needed. Vitamin B- mg injection once a month. FOLLOW-UP APPOINTMENTS: The patient is to follow-up with Dr. in neurology on . To follow-up with Dr. in gastroenterology on . The patient will have a rheumatology appointment made for follow-up for her Systemic lupus erythematosus. , M.D. : D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
268,5006,": : : Sex: F Service: SICU HISTORY AND CLINICAL COURSE: The patient was admitted status post coronary artery bypass grafting times three on with postoperative fevers and treated for pneumonia and a urinary tract infection with ciprofloxacin and transferred to rehabilitation on . She was subcutaneously seen at an outside hospital for dyspnea, decreased oxygen saturation and question of left lower lobe pneumonia with a white blood cell count of . She was also noted to have a sternal wound drainage, culture positive for Staphylococcus and Enterococcus. The patient was treated with vancomycin and levofloxacin and transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit on . She was continued on vancomycin and ciprofloxacin here. She was found to have a left pleural effusion and a chest tube was placed on . She was also consulted from thoracic surgery to plastic surgery for sternal debridement. On , the patient was taken for operative debridement of her sternal wound infection and dehiscence. The chest wall was left open and, on , she had further debridement and flap closure using the right rectus abdominal flap to the chest wall and a left pectoralis advancement flap to the chest wall. The skin was able to be closed with staples in the midline and - drains were left in place Postoperatively, the patient required inotropic support with Dopamine. She also had oxygen requirements. In addition, she had postoperative fevers with a normal white blood cell count most of the time and persistent metabolic alkalosis, which was treated at times with Diamox and subsequently treated with a hydrochloric acid drip. The patient also had persistent respiratory failure issues. Ventilator wean was unsuccessful and, on , the patient had a percutaneous tracheostomy placed. During the hospitalization, with this respiratory failure, the patient underwent several bronchoscopies which were consistent with chronic inflammatory changes. The patient also was seen by neurology for left upper extremity weakness. At the time of this dictation, this weakness is still being worked up by neurology. Unfortunately, the patient is not able to be % cooperative with the physical examination and the exact nature of this injury is difficult to discern at this time. However, the patient is scheduled for an EMG study and will be seen by outpatient neurology. A brachial plexopathy is highly differential for this left arm weakness secondary to intraoperative trauma. At the same time, a posterior cord injury is also being entertained as well as a right middle cerebral artery infarction. The patient had a PICC line placed by interventional radiology on . Despite this patient's chronic hospital course, the flaps and chest wall actually are intact and doing well. The patient is planned for six weeks of vancomycin and, when going to rehabilitation, she should continue this. On , the day of discharge, this patient is on day of vancomycin, so she needs to continue a six week course, for approximately more days. The patient's latest complete blood count shows a white blood cell count of ., hematocrit . and platelet count ,. Chemistries show a sodium of , potassium ., chloride , bicarbonate , BUN , creatinine . and glucose . DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Lasix p.r.n. to make negative one to two liters daily. Levothyroxine . mg p.o./ngt q.d. Vancomycin gm i.v.q.h. Heparin , units s.c.t.i.d. Lopressor mg p.o.b.i.d. Epogen , units s.c.q. Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers q.h. and p.r.n. NPH insulin units s.c.b.i.d. Zoloft mg p.o./ngt q.d. Vitamin C p.o./ngt q.d. Sliding scale regular insulin to fingerstick two units, to four units, to six units, to eight units, to ten units and M.D. Zinc sulfate mg p.o./ngt q.d. Potassium chloride mEq p.o.b.i.d. while taking Lasix. Magnesium sulfate p.r.n. magnesium less than . Mycostatin powder p.r.n. to skin folds. Calcium gluconate p.r.n. Morphine sulfate to mg i.v.q.h.p.r.n. Ativan . mg i.v.q.h.p.r.n. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE: Stable. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Status post mediastinitis. Coronary artery bypass grafting sternal wound dehiscence with flap reconstruction. Tracheostomy placement. Respiratory failure. Metabolic alkalosis. Left arm weakness. Postoperative fevers. Staphylococcus and Enterococcus wound infection. FOP: The patient is to follow up with neurology, , with Dr. , call to schedule an appointment in one to two weeks. She is to follow up with plastic surgery in one week, Dr. , for drain management and future plans for flap care. She is to follow up with Dr. from cardiothoracic surgery as needed. She is to follow up with her primary care physician in one to two weeks for management of any further pulmonary issues. DISPOSITION: To rehabilitation. M.D.- : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1950,50102,": : (anticipated : Sex: M Service: CARDIOLOGY HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a -year-old gentleman with a history of congestive heart failure and an ejection fraction of % from unclear etiology although with a history of cardiac disease and a history of rheumatic heart disease, status post ICD and cardiac pacemaker for ventricular ectopy and status post a history of cerebrovascular accidents complicated by seizures. He presented with one week of symptoms of progressive shortness of breath associated with increasing lower extremity edema and orthopnea. He denied any chest pain, cough, fevers or chills. He denied any nausea, vomiting or diarrhea. He had no change in his bowel movements with no bright red blood per rectum or melena. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: . Coronary artery disease, status post left heart catheterization in showing % distal left anterior descending artery, % right coronary artery and % first diagonal artery lesions. . History of congestive heart failure with echocardiogram in showing an ejection fraction of -%, + mitral regurgitation, + aortic regurgitation, + tricuspid regurgitation, rheumatic mitral valvular disease and left ventricular dilatation with septal hypertrophy. . History of ventricular ectopy, status post ICD and cardiac pacemaker. . History of cerebrovascular accidents. . History of seizures. . History of hypothyroidism. . History of gout. . History of benign prostatic hypertrophy. . History of atrial fibrillation. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Aldactone mg p.o. q.d. Coreg . mg p.o. b.i.d. Zaroxolyn . mg p.o. q.d. Lasix mg p.o. q.d. Zestril mg p.o. q.d. Cardura mg p.o. q.d. Amiodarone mg p.o. b.i.d. Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. Neurontin mg p.o. b.i.d. Mexiletine mg p.o. b.i.d. Phenobarbital mg p.o. h.s. ALLERGIES: The patient had an allergy to penicillin. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient was a retired custodian. He had a distant history of tobacco use. He used alcohol occasionally. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination on admission revealed a tachypneic gentleman in mild respiratory distress. He had a temperature of .??????F, a pulse of , a blood pressure of /, a respiratory rate of and an oxygen saturation of % on room air. On head, eyes, ears, nose and throat examination, the sclerae were anicteric. The pupils were equal, round and reactive to light. The extraocular movements were intact. The oropharynx was clear. The mucous membranes were moist. The neck was supple with no jugular venous distention or lymphadenopathy. The lungs revealed decreased breath sounds at the bases bilaterally. He had fine rales, left greater than right. The cardiac examination revealed distant heart sounds, but a regular rate and rhythm with a laterally displaced point of maximal impulse. He had a/VI systolic murmur heard best at the left lower sternal border radiating out to the axilla and a positive S. The abdomen was soft, nontender and nondistended with positive bowel sounds. He had hepatomegaly three finger-lengths below the rib cage. The extremity examination revealed + pitting edema to the thighs bilaterally. LABORATORY DATA: Significant laboratory data on admission included a white blood cell count of , hematocrit of ., platelet count of ,, INR of ., partial thromboplastin time of ., sodium of , potassium of ., chloride of , bicarbonate of , BUN of , creatinine of . and glucose of . RADIOLOGY: The chest-ray revealed cardiomegaly with bilateral left greater than right pleural effusions. ELECTROCARDIOGRAM: The electrocardiogram was atrioventricularly paced at a rate of without change from the prior electrocardiogram of . HOSPITAL COURSE: The patient was admitted to the medical service with the presumptive diagnosis of worsening congestive heart failure of unclear etiology. He was ruled out by cardiac enzymes and had no evidence of acute ischemic heart disease. He was diuresed with intravenous Lasix on the floor for several days with good response until hospital day , when his creatinine once again began to rise despite the clinical assessment that the patient remained significantly fluid overloaded. Laboratory data including a sodium of and a potassium of . with a BUN of and creatinine of . seemed to indicate that the patient was having forward cardiac failure leading to renal insufficiency and hyponatremia. For this reason, he was transferred to the cardiac care unit for milrinone treatment guided by pulmonary artery catheterization measurements. The heart failure team was consulted and helped the cardiology team diurese the patient over the next several days with the titration of milrinone. Over the next several days, the patient diuresed significantly, several liters of fluid. His renal function improved to a creatinine of . and his sodium level corrected to a level of . During this time, his Coreg medication had been continued and, after several days at the recommendations of the heart failure team, his Coreg dose was gradually increased to a level of . mg b.i.d. His ACE inhibitor and spironolactone were again added to his regimen and maintained while the milrinone was titrated to off. After weaning of the milrinone and discontinuation of the pulmonary catheterization, the patient was once again transferred to the cardiology step-down unit, where his afterload reduction with ACE inhibitors continued to be titrated up and his laboratory data and renal output were followed closely. Although he experienced a slight rise in his creatinine again after discontinuation of the milrinone, his renal function remained stable with a creatinine of . and he continued to maintain a good urine output with markedly improved breathing from admission. During his hospitalization, workup for his heart failure was conducted. An echocardiogram revealed no significant differences with a continued poor ejection fraction of -%. A TSH level was found to be elevated and so his Synthroid dose was increased. He also received a nutrition consultation and education regarding a low salt cardiac diet to continue on after discharge. Alternative treatments for his heart failure including Digoxin therapy were entertained, but the decision was made not to begin Digoxin therapy at this time. A discussion also revolved around maintenance of the patient on mg of daily amiodarone, given the possible pulmonary toxicity at this dose and worsening of his subjective shortness of breath. However, given the extensive ectopy in the past on mexiletine and low doseiodarone, it was felt advisable to continue him on both mexiletine and higher doseiodarone. He did experience an exacerbation of his gout, which was treated with colchicine successfully. DISPOSITION: On , the patient was markedly improved from a respiratory standpoint and was deemed stable for discharge to rehabilitation. He is being actively screened at this time and can be transferred to rehabilitation upon availability of a bed. DISCHARGE STATUS: Stable. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: . Coronary artery disease. . Severe congestive heart failure. . Rheumatic heart disease. . History of ventricular ectopy. . Hypothyroidism. . Electrolyte abnormalities. . Acute renal failure. FOLLOW UP: The patient will be discharged to rehabilitation. He will require follow up with the heart failure service in three to four weeks. At rehabilitation, it will be important to continue to monitor his electrolytes, BUN and creatinine as well as his INR level daily. It will also be important to check daily weights before breakfast every day in order to monitor his fluid status or to monitor intakes and outputs as accurately as possible. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Zestril . mg p.o. q.d. Amiodarone mg p.o. b.i.d. Coumadin . mg p.o. h.s. Coreg . mg p.o. b.i.d. Lasix mg p.o. q.d. Mexiletine mg p.o. b.i.d. Neurontin mg p.o. b.i.d. Phenobarbital mg p.o. h.s. Synthroid . mg p.o. q.d. Imodium mg p.o. after each loose bowel movement p.r.n. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1397,34672,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: supratherapeutic INR, ecchymoses, melena, hematuria Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Esophagogastroduodenoscopy History of Present Illness: F with Afib on coumadin, EtOH abuse, presenting with bruising and hematuria, found to have supratherapeutic INR and new anemia. She had noted bruising over arms, legs, and chest over the past several days. Also has been dizzy and short of breath with exertion and gross hematuria on the morning of admission. ROS also positive for GI illness over the weekend with loose dark stools, nausea and non-bloody vomitus. Most recent INR had been on ; had been advised to continue . mg daily, but she reported taking . mg daily except mg on Thursdays. She noted recent dietary changes (started South Beach diet with lb weight loss and also recent self DC of statin( weeks ago abdominal burning. She also reports resuming alcohol use - last drink glasses of wine on . Last Hct in system in . . In ED, patients initial vitals: temp . HR ireg BP / RR % RA. Remained hemodynamically stable. Guaiac positive. INR of .. with Hct .. Given Pantoprazole mg x, FFP, vitK mg, ativan .mg. GI was consulted. . On the floor, she denied any pain or shortness of breath and was lying comfortably in bed. Her last BM was this and she confirmed dark, loose stool at the time. She denies visual changes, HA, numbness or weakness. She denies dysuria, frequency or urgency. . Review of sytems: (+ Per HPI (- Denies fever, chills, night sweats, recent weight gain. Denies headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denied cough, shortness of breath. Denied chest pain or tightness, palpitations. Denied arthralgias or myalgias. Past Medical History: - Atrial Fibrillation, paroxysmal with DCCV , since returned to Afib. - Hypercholesterolemia - Mitral regurgitation - History of sexual abuse - History of alcoholism - Basal cell Carcinoma s/p Mohs surgery - s/p Tonsillectomy - s/p Cataract surgery - Self reported normal colonoscopy in at Social History: Patient is very active and exercises five days a week, cardio, biking, hiking for + minutes. ETOH: Had been sober for one year until the last week, her last drink was days prior to admission. Family History: Father died of a MI at the age of ; Mother had heart trouble and emphysema. Physical Exam: General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, left periorbital ecchymosis Neck: supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, ronchi CV: Tachy, irreg, irreg, normal S + S, no murmurs, rubs, gallops Abdomen: soft, non-tender, non-distended, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, no organomegaly GU: foley - draining red- tinged urine Ext: warm, well perfused, + pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema multiple ecchymoses over chest, back, hands, buttock, and left leg Pertinent Results: | | --------------< . | | . .>./.< PT: . PTT: . INR: . UA: + blood Brief Hospital Course: F with Afib on coumadin, remote h/o ETOH abuse, CAD risk factors on aspirin who presented with hematuria and easy bleeding found to have new anemia and supratherapeutic INR of . GI Bleed - Patient received FFP, Vit K mg in ED with reversal of INR to .. Per patient, had normal colonoscopy in (records not in our system. Melena has been ongoing for days supporting lower GI source(post-pyloris in the absence of bloody vomiting over the weekend when this all started. She was transfused with u RBCs with her post transfusion Hct of .. Subsequent She was kept on mg PPI and made NPO. GI was consulted and recommended an EGD on ICU day which showed gastritis. The patient's ASA and coumadin were held. Hct's remained stable. Her INR was ., and she was deemed medically stable for discharge. She was discharged home on a PPI with instructions to discontinue her Coumadin and ASA and is scheduled for an outpatient colonoscopy later this month. Hematuria - Likely elevated INR. Urine culture sent as UA slightly suggestive of possible UTI. Urine culture was pending at the time of transfer to the medical floor. Her foley was discontinued on HD and her first self-void demonstrated small clots, it became progressively more normal appearing prior to discharge. Afib on Coumadin - The patient had a prior cardioversion with return to Afib. Her Coumadin, ASA, and Atenolol were initially held in setting of GI bleed, but she was restarted on her Atenolol at discharge. She will follow-up with her PCP to discuss any plan for resuming Coumadin. Anxiety - Patient with significant anxiety during this hospitalization, aided with mg PO Ativan . - Patient remained FULL CODE throughout this hospitalization. Medications on Admission: - ALBUTEROL SULFATEI puff(s inh Q-H PRN cough - ATENOLOL - mg Tablet QD - Atorvastatin mg Tablet once a day - DESONE - . % Ointment - on Rash - ESTRADIOL mcg Tablet intravaginally twice weekly - SIMVASTATIN mg QHS - WARFARIN . mg daily - ASPIRIN mg QD - CALCIUM + D twice a day - CHOLECALCIFEROL , unit daily - LORATADINE mg daily as needed for as needed for allergies - MULTIVITAMIN daily Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Gastritis Anemia Excessive anticoagulation Hematuria Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive Activity Status: Ambulatory - Independent Discharge Instructions: You were admitted for easy bruising, blood in the urine and weakness. Blood tests showed anemia, or low blood counts, and a high INR, which means that blood is too thin. You were given medications to reverse your blood thinner, coumadin. You were given units of blood which corrected your anemia. You had esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD, which showed inflammation of your stomach, but no ulcers or cource of bleeding was identified. The following changes were made in your medications: Please STOP taking coumadin and STOP taking aspirin. Please address your coumadin and aspirin dosing when you follow up with your primary care doctor. You were started on a medication called Pantoprazole to help prevent future bleeding from your stomach. Please take this medication as prescribed. A prescription has been faxed to your pharmacy that you can pick up at your convenience. Otherwise, please continue taking your medications as you were previously and please keep all scheduled appointments listed below. Followup Instructions: Please follow up with the following appointments: , : : : , : : : , : : : Finally, you are scheduled for an outpatient colonoscopy on at :pm. Please arrive to the GI Colonoscopy Suite on the , GI , hour before your scheduled appointment. You will be contact regarding preparation for your colonoscopy. ",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
470,9369,": : : Sex: F Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs : Chief Complaint: Upper GI bleed, Melena Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Esophagogastroduodenoscopy History of Present Illness: y/o with PMHx of liver fibrosis s/p schistosomiasis, known varices and s/p splenectomy who presents with black stools and light-headedness. She reports dark BMs which began last night but denies any BRBPR. She awoke this morning with nausea and dizziness. She denied any chest pain, shortness of breath or syncopal episodes. . In the ED, initial vs were: T . HR BP / RR % RA. Pt was noted to have guiac positive black stool and hct came back at down from . Pt underwent NG lavage which suctioned out cc of coffee ground material. She had to PIVs placed and was started on octreotide and PPI gtt. She was seen by liver, gen and was cross matched for units of RBCs before transfer to ICU. . On arrival to ICU, pt was denying nausea, chest pain or shortness of breath. She continues to have some lightheadedness and epigastric pain. . Review of systems: (+ Per HPI (- Denies fever, headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denied cough, shortness of breath. Denied chest pain or tightness, palpitations. Denied vomiting, diarrhea or constipation. Denied arthralgias or myalgias. Past Medical History: - Schistosomiasis with bridging fibrosis, portal hypertension, s/p splenectomy, recurrent upper GI bleed esophageal varices s/p banding and splenectomy. - Recurrent UTIs - Spontaneous abortion in . - Recurrent bronchitis. . Social History: Patient moved to the United States from approximately six years ago. She lives in with her sister. She works as a house cleaner. She reports no alcohol or tobacco use. Family History: She has one uncle who is status post splenectomy for unclear reasons. Physical Exam: BP:/ P: R: O: % on RA General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, NG in place-coffee grounds in tubing aNeck: supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, ronchi CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S + S, no murmurs, rubs, gallops Abdomen: soft, mild tenderness over epigastrium, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, no organomegaly Ext: Warm, well perfused, + pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema Pertinent Results: :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- AlkPhos- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- CK(CPK- AlkPhos- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD Calcium-.* Phos-.* Mg-. . RUQ u/s IMPRESSION: . Heterogenous hepatic echotexture without focal mass lesion identified. . Patent hepatic vasculature with normal directional flow. . EGD Impression Nodules in the - cm Varices at the upper third of the esophagus and middle third of the esophagus Patchy areas of erythema in the fundus and antrum compatible with portal hypertensive gastropathy Otherwise normal EGD to second part of the duodenum Brief Hospital Course: y/o F with PMhx of liver fibrosis secondary to schistosomiasis, portal hypertension and known varices who presented with coffee ground emesis and upper GI bleed. She was noted to have a hct drop from baseline of to and mild tachycardia. Pt was admitted to the MICU and received a total of u prbcs and hct went from to . She was hemodynamically stable overnight without melena and underwent EGD on which revealed portal gastropathy but no acute source for bleeding. Pt was advanced po diet without complication and was transferred to the floor on . Serial hematocrits were stable on the floor and pt was discharged to home on with plan for outpatient liver follow up. Medications on Admission: Protonix mg daily Propanolol mg daily Discharge Medications: . Propranolol mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed for portal hypertension. . Pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. Disp:* Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: : Upper GI bleed secondary to portal hypertension caused by schistosomiasis/liver fibrosis Discharge Condition: Vitals stable, hematocrit stable, asymptomatic. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital because you developed dark black stools, lightheadedness and nausea. When you arrived in the hospital, you were found to have decreasedount of bed blood cells (Hematocrit, which was caused by a bleed in your stomach or esophagus. You were given fluids and Blood Transfusions to correct your blood loss. You were given medicines via to help stop the bleed and monitored closely in the ICU. GI doctors performed a procedure called endoscopy, where they looked inside your esophagus, stomach and small intestine and determined that your bleed has stopped. After that, you started feeling much better and have not have any more symtpoms worrysome for a bleed. Your regular diet and your home medications were re-started. You should re-start all your outpatient medications. We made one change - your dose of Protonix was increased to mg twice a day. You a follow-up appointment with Dr. (see below. Because of your liver disease, you are at increased risk of bleeding from your stomach. If you feel nausea, vomiting, lightheadedness, dizziness, shortness of breath, black or bloody bowel movements, blood from your mouth or nose or any other concerning symptoms, please IMMEDIATELY return to the Emergency Department. Followup Instructions: You need to follow up with Dr. : , : : : Location: ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1726,43375,"O Name: , Unit No: : : : Sex: M NO DICTATION FOR THIS REPORT DR., P. - : D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1660,49816,": : : Sex: F Service: Transplant Surgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female with end stage renal disease secondary to diabetes Type since the age of who had undergone living related renal transplantation in . Subsequently the patient suffered a chronic rejection and required a retransplantation on . This was a living, unrelated male transplantation. Postoperative course was complicated by Klebsiella urinary tract infection and ureteral necrosis requiring ureteropyeloplasty with stent on , and required a percutaneous nephrostomy tube. Since then the patient has had several admissions due to abdominal pain. In , the patient was admitted and was found to have urine leaking from her wound. Nephrogram at the time showed extravasation of urine from the anastomosis between the transplanted kidney and the ureter. An internal/external stent was placed and the patient continued on her antibiotics. The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation hospital on , only to return to on , again complaining of abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Staff at the rehabilitation hospital noted that the patient's p.o. intake was poor due to nausea and vomiting and the patient also had several regular bowel movements, mostly soft up to four times a day. On arrival to , the patient was her usual state, uncooperative with the medical staff and complaining that she was nauseous. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: End stage renal disease, secondary to diabetes Type , Stage , status post living related renal transplantation in , complicated by chronic rejection status post a living unrelated renal transplantation on , history of postoperative complication noted as above. Initially, the patient suffered recurrent urinary tract infection with Enterobacter cloacae. In addition, the patient has a history of hypothyroidism, osteopenia, diabetic myonecrosis, a long history of depression, personality disorder, myocardiac and benzodiazepine dependence, eating disorder, diabetes-related neuropathy, nephropathy and retinopathy, neopathic bladder, gastroparesis, hypercholesterolemia, history of vaginal cancer in situ and otitis media. ALLERGIES: Sulfa, Ativan/Haldol. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Tacrolimus mg p.o. b.i.d., CellCept mg b.i.d., Ambien, Protonix, Lopressor mg b.i.d., Meropenem mg b.i.d., Synthroid, insulin sliding scale with Glargine, Reglan mg q. hours. LABORATORY DATA: Laboratory studies on admission revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets . Chemistries, sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide of , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , calcium was ., magnesium ., phosphorus ., PT ., PTT . with an INR of .. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination on admission revealed the patient is afebrile at ., heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , sating % on room air, fingerstick was . The patient was alert and oriented times three, noncooperative, thin-appearing woman. No jugulovenous distension, supple neck. Cardiovascular examination, rate and rhythm regular, S and S without murmurs. Respiratory clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen, soft, nondistended and nontender with nephrostomy tube in place. There is discomfort over the bladder noted. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's complicated history of transplanted kidney and bladder problems, Neurology was consulted before Foley catheter was placed, and nephrostomy study was planned to investigate the patient's persistent nausea and vomiting the patient underwent a barium esophagogram on . The esophagus was normal in caliber and although this was a very limited study the majority of the barium passed out of the esophagus into the stomach and proximal small bowel in ten minutes. The patient reported to the floor after this study and was given lunch, and soon thereafter the patient was found by the nursing staff to be lying on the right side in a pool of vomit and blood. The patient was unresponsive, cyanotic, gasping for air, and incontinent of stool. Vital signs at the time revealed the patient had a heart rate of with blood pressure /, breathing with her mouth with some difficulty, % on room air with a blood sugar of . Because the patient was unresponsive, the patient was emergently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit where the patient was intubated for airway production and underwent workup of her acute mental status change. The patient's Intensive Care Unit stay from went to will be summarized by systems. Central nervous system - The patient was found to be unresponsive on transfer to Intensive Care Unit. She was flaccid and her neck was stiff. Her eyes were deviated to the right side and she had upgoing toes bilaterally. The patient underwent emergent computerized tomography scan of the head without contrast which showed no evidence of acute infarct or hemorrhage, the only findings were microvascular angiopathy consistent with a history of hypertension. The patient also underwent an emergent magnetic resonance of the head and magnetic resonance angiography of the head which showed no infarct or hemorrhages. There was no evidence of mass effect, and the circle of and the major tributaries in the head showed no evidence of aneurysmal flow abnormality. The patient was suspected to have had a seizure and was empirically started on Dilantin. The patient also underwent an electroencephalogram which did not show any epileptiforms. When the patient was intubated for airway production the patient needed to be placed on Propofol for sedation. The patient underwent an lumbar puncture to rule out encephalitis and there was no evidence consistent with infectious causes of encephalitis. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head on which showed profound changes in the appearance of the brain with large areas of elevated P signal and diffusion restrictions symmetrically within the posterior temporal and occipital lobes. There were also abnormal signs of the left ischial cortex and the subtemporal white matter on the left, all demonstrating extensive enhancement. The distribution of these abnormalities all raise the possibility of Tacrolimus toxicity in this leukoencephalopathy. It should be noted that on retrospect the patient had Tacrolimus level of . the morning of . The patient was weaned off Propofol and extubated on and her neurological status was carefully observed. The patient enjoyed initial improvements, however, it was clear that the patient remained below baseline in terms of her mental status, showing impairment in higher cortical functions. The patient came out of the unit on and continued to be monitored carefully on the floor with respect to her mental status. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain on which showed a resolution of the diffusion abnormality seen on the scan from with the remaining flares. This was interpreted by Radiology to be nonsuggestive of a leukoencephalopathy but more suggestive of encephalitis or infarction. However, Tacrolimus associated toxicity does not always result in irreversible changes on the scans and it is the opinion of the transplant team that the patient suffered Tacrolimus toxicity-related leukoencephalopathy. The patient underwent repeat electroencephalogram on which showed diffuse swelling consistent with encephalopathy with cortical and subcortical involvement and there were no epileptiforms. Neurology Team had been consulted since the event on , and suggested that since there was no evidence of epilepsy, electroencephalogram as well as the clinical observation, the patient be taken off of Dilantin, however, the patient remained on Keppra on discharge as per recommendations from the Neurology Consult Team. The patient was examined by Neurology Team member on the day of discharge, complaining of decrease in vision, difficulty using call buttons and so on. The patient was found to be awake, alert and oriented to self, and to location but not oriented to date or the year. The patient had fluent speech but frequent difficulty finding words and had phonetic errors. The patient was able to follow simple commands but was unable to follow complex multi-step commands. She showed neglect of left space visually but able to name left and right hands, the patient shows extinguishment on the left side. On examination, the patient showed a left pupil which was briskly reactive, right pupil which was postoperative and nonreactive. The patient demonstrates left hemifield vision loss, left facial droop with upper motor neuron pattern and tongue in the midline. The patient shows a slight left pronator drift with mild left hemithoraces, out of proportion to the over-deconditioning. All of these findings were consistent with the findings on the magnetic resonance imaging scan. Neurology Team recommends repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan in one month. The patient had been followed by Psychiatry prior to this admission and again as the patient became alert and responsive was again followed by Psychiatry Service. As mentioned above, the patient has a long history of depression as well as personality disorder, eating disorder and dependence on medications of narcotic and benzodiazepines. The patient was re-evaluated once the patient came onto the floor. She was thought to be having delirium secondary to possible metabolic abnormalities which were consistent with hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia which she has suffered. The delirium superimposing the underlying diffuse cortical injury, manifested with the patient's becoming very anxious, having some paranoid ideations requiring one to one observation as well as Haldol. The patient improved with Haldol and is improving in her other medical conditions. The patient improved psychiatrically without any suicidal or homicidal ideations or without any apparent paranoia or delusions. On the day of discharge, the patient was re-evaluated by the psychiatry attending who found the patient to be stable for transfer to a rehabilitation hospital. Cardiovascular - The patient was hypotensive initially on admission to the Intensive Care Unit with elevated white count and fever requiring some pressor support. This was consistent with the patient's picture of sepsis and once the patient was treated appropriately, the patient was weaned off of pressors without any difficulty. Otherwise the patient did not have any cardiovascular issues. Respiratory - The patient was intubated upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit for airway protection and developed bilateral infiltrates on computerized axial tomography scans and worsening chest-rays. This was consistent with aspiration pneumonitis. The patient eventually developed Aspergillus in the sputum culture as well as Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The patient was treated appropriately and was successfully extubated on . Since her extubation, the patient did not suffer any further respiratory issues. Gastrointestinal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit after the patient was stabilized, the patient was given a post pyloric feeding tube and was started on tube feeds. This continued to support her nutritionally, however, became a problem once the patient was extubated and was awake at which time the patient started pulling out her feeding tube after several attempts at trying to keep the feeding tube. The patient was started on total parenteral nutrition and was supported with total parenteral nutrition for some time before she was weaned off. By the time of discharge, the patient had improved significantly enough that she was taking adequate p.o. intake, not requiring any parenteral nutritional support. The patient did not suffer any episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding and otherwise had intact course of stay with respect to the gastrointestinal system. Renal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, the patient was found to have decreased urine output. Eventually it was discovered that the patient was suffering from acute tubal necrosis, however, she recovered rather quickly from this episode, and did well. The patient's highest creatinine was .. The patient returned to her baseline creatinine of . by the time of discharge. Her transplanted kidney, continued on her immunosuppressive therapy, upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, she was taking Prograf mg b.i.d. and CellCept mg b.i.d. The patient was maintained on Prograf with measurement of her levels to make sure that she was not toxic. When magnetic resonance imaging scan findings suggested that this acute mental status event of , may be due to Tacrolimus toxicity, the patient was taken off of Tacrolimus and instead was started on Rapamycin. The patient initially started off with Rapamycin mg q.d. and was titrated up to her current level of mg q.d., the last Rapamycin level was . which was therapeutic on . The patient's CellCept dose was also adjusted and on discharge, the patient was taking CellCept mg p.o. q.i.d. All in all, the patient s transplanted kidney remained functioning well with creatinine of . on discharge. Prior to discharge, the patient was in mild metabolic acidosis, this is most likely due to the ketoacidosis with the patient not being able to tolerate a basal level of Glargine for some time. Prior to discharge, this acidosis was treated with Bicitra and the patient remains on cc three times a day on discharge. This will be monitored by Transplant Center Team and the course of this will be determined during her follow up visits. The patient had a history of ureteral anastomosis necrosis and leak and had a percutaneous nephrostomy on her admission to the Intensive Care Unit. On , the day after she left the Intensive Care Unit the patient tolerated capping of the percutaneous nephrostomy tubing and on , she underwent internalization of the nephroureteral stent. Since then the patient did not have any difficulty and did not have any urinary leak. She had one episode of urinary retention while on the floor and was treated with Foley catheter. On discharge, the patient tolerated a voiding trial and was able to void without any difficulty. Endocrine system - Given the patient's long history of insulin dependent diabetes, the patient was supported on insulin drip during her stay in the Intensive Care Unit and was treated with Humalog and Glargine while she was on the floor. The patient had widely fluctuating serum glucose level and there was some difficulty attaining a therapeutic level of Glargine without becoming severely hypoglycemic. For some time, the patient became hypoglycemic on even a fraction of the usual dose of Glargine that she was used to taking and required staying off of Glargine for some time. As her mental status improved and her p.o. intake improved, the patient was able to tolerate units of Glargine a day by the time of discharge and was covered with a low level of Humalog sliding scale, please see the attached Humalog sliding scale for further details. The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was treated with Synthroid. On discharge, the patient is on Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. and her TSH on discharge was ., within normal limits. Infectious disease - The patient underwent lumbar puncture after acute mental status change which did not show any evidence of infectious encephalitis. The patient was found to have Aspergillus in her sputum which correlated with worsening pulmonary status on radiologic examination. The patient also grew out Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in her sputum. The patient was treated appropriately with antibiotics and did not have any further infectious disease related issues until the end of at which time her central venous line was taken out. This line was used for total parenteral nutrition and that line grew out Methicillin-sensitive resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Prior to discharge, the patient was found to have urinary tract infection with yeast and was started on Fluconazole. Urine fungal culture was pending at the time of discharge and the patient was discharged with Fluconazole for a two week course, requiring ten additional days of treatment at the rehabilitation. The patient also complained of having some loose bowel movements prior to discharge. The patient was empirically started on Flagyl for treatment of Clostridium Difficile. However, none of her stool samples were positive for Clostridium difficile toxin. The patient is to complete a course of Flagyl for eight more days at the rehabilitation hospital. The patient is also prescribed Metamucil to put more bulk in her bowel movement. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to rehabilitation. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Fair, improving. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . End stage renal disease due to diabetes Type . . Status post living related renal transplant in and followed by chronic rejection. . Status post living unrelated renal transplant in . . Tacrolimus-related leukoencephalopathy. . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia as well as Aspergillus pneumonitis. . Ureteral anastomotic leak. . Diabetes Type with difficult glycemic control. In addition the patient has a diagnosis of hypothyroidism, hypercholesterolemia, osteoporosis, depression, chronic pain syndrome, chronic heel ulcers, personality disorder. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Miconazole nitrate powder, apply to appropriate areas four times a day. . Nystatin , units per cc, cc p.o. q.i.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. . CellCept mg one capsule p.o. q. . . Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. . Combivent - mcg for activation one to two puffs inhaled q. hours. . Keppra mg p.o. b.i.d. . Glargine units subcutaneous at dinnertime and Humalog subcutaneous per sliding scale. . Bicitra / mg per cc, cc p.o. t.i.d. . Haldol mg p.o. t.i.d. and Haldol . mg p.o. t.i.d. prn. It should be noted that Haldol is prescribed only for treatment of her delirium and is not to continue on as permanent psychiatric medication. . Flagyl mg p.o. t.i.d. for eight days. . Fluconazole mg p.o. q.d. for ten days. . Rapamycin mg p.o. q.d. until change by Transplant Center. . Metamucil one packet p.o. t.i.d. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow up with Dr. at the Transplant Center on at PM. The patient needs to have her blood drawn every Monday and Thursday for complete blood count, chem-, Rapamycin level and results faxed to the Transplant Center, fax . The patient will have follow up with Dr. from Neurology Service in approximately three weeks and is recommended to have a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain with contrast in one month. The patient is to continue on Keppra until follow up with Neurology. The patient is to continue follow up with the Psychiatry Department at the rehabilitation hospital and the patient will need a neuropsychiatric evaluation in the future, no sooner than four weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
1443,52776,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Penicillins / Erythromycin Base / Streptomycin / Citric Acid / Atenolol : Chief Complaint: Lethargy, fall Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none History of Present Illness: This is an year-old man/woman with the history below who presents after a fall at homoe last night: per wife, he slid off of bed onto bottom, mechanical fall, did not hit head, no LOC. Had not been feeling well the day prior, weak, slept all day. Had a cough at night. Denies fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, dysuria. Came to the ED, found to be hypoxic (room air sat % and febrile to .. CXR negative, but given cough and fever, pt. given one gram of ctx. then mg levofloxacin emperically for pneumonia. Cardiac enzymes were negative for the first set, UA negative. Hemodynamically stable. Creatinine was very slightly elevated above baseline, was given hydration ( litres NS and admitted. Blood and urine cultures are pending. Past Medical History: Hx of presyncope . - Conduction system disease: right bundle branch block, left anterior fascicular block, borderline PR interval . - Virtuoso dual chambered ICD: Fidelis lead which is the subject of a recently released FDA recall. For this reason his numbers of detection in the VF zone were lengthened (and the alarms for his impedance measurements were narrowed. He remains programmed in DDD mode with a lower rate of , and to treat rates greater than beats per minute . - severe cardiomyopathy with LVEF of %, LVH, moderate mitral regurgitation, status post cardiac arrest in , chronic atrial fibrillation, status post ICD placement, multiple cardioversions with other conduction abnormalities, one vessel coronary artery disease, bare metal stent placed . -initially diagnosed with rectal cancer T N, stageA, in /. He received neoadjuvant -FU and radiation and then underwent surgery in /. On that surgery, he was found to have no positive lymph nodes. He received cycles of -FU and leucovorin adjuvantly . BPH Incidental R liver cyst - stable since Diverticulosis Basal cell CA of the nose - removed CVA - resulting in dysesthesias R hand - imaging consistent with lacunar hypodensity c/w lacunar infarct, L cerebellar hypodensity c/w chronic infarct Cervical spondylosis Hypertension varicose veins Sleep apnea on CPAP Social History: lives in with wife , one son, one daughter, grandchildren, retired computer science professor, former heavy cigar smoker, quit in , drinks per week Family History: Father died MI in s, Mother died PE in s, twin sister died of colitis age s, no family h/o colon, breast, uterine, or ovarian ca Physical Exam: T Max (past hours: . Temp: BP:/ HR: RR: Oxygen Saturation L (on room air General Appearance: pale, comfortable, NAD . Ophthalmologic/Eyes: : PERLLA, EOMI, mild conjuctival injection, anicteric . Otolaryngologic (ENT: no sinus tenderness, dry mucous membranes, oropharynx without exudate or lesions, no supraclavicular or cervical lymphadenopathy, no thyromegaly or thyroid nodules . Cardiovascular: Irregular rate and rhythm, fixed split S, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops appreciated. No carotid bruits. JVD flat (less than cm . Respiratory: CTA b/l with good air movement throughout - no rales or wheezes . Gastrointestinal/abdomen: nd, +b/s, soft, nt, no masses or hepatosplenomegaly . Genitourinary: foley draining dark colored (amber urine . Musculoskeletal: no cyanosis, clubbing or edema . Integumentary: skin dry, no rashes, no jaundice . Neurological: Alert. Oriented to self, time, place, situation. CN-XII intact. Moving all four extremities. . Psychiatric:pleasant, appropriate affect. . Heme/Lymph: no cervical or supraclavicular lymphadenopathy Pertinent Results: :AM URINE RBC- WBC-- BACTERIA-FEW YEAST-NONE EPI- :AM URINE BLOOD-NEG NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN-NEG GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN- PH-. LEUK-NEG :AM URINE COLOR-Yellow APPEAR-Clear SP -. :AM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM PLT COUNT-* :AM NEUTS-.* LYMPHS-. MONOS-. EOS-. BASOS-. :AM WBC-.* RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM CK-MB- :AM cTropnT-.* :AM CK(CPK-* :AM estGFR-Using this :AM UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM-* POTASSIUM-. CHLORE-* TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :AM LACTATE-.* :AM LACTATE-. :AM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :AM PLT SMR-LOW PLT COUNT-* :AM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :AM CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-. :AM CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :AM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT-* LD(LDH-* CK(CPK-* ALK PHOS- TOT BILI-.* :AM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM PT-.* PTT-. INR(PT-.* :PM PLT COUNT-* :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :PM CALCIUM-.* PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-.* :PM CK-MB-* MB INDX-. cTropnT-.* :PM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT-* LD(LDH-* CK(CPK-* ALK PHOS- TOT BILI-.* :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM-* POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM URINE MUCOUS-MOD :PM URINE HYALINE-* :PM URINE RBC-* WBC- BACTERIA-FEW YEAST-NONE EPI- :PM URINE BLOOD-MOD NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN-TR GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN- PH-. LEUK-NEG :PM URINE COLOR-Yellow APPEAR-Clear SP -. Brief Hospital Course: year-old man with a history of severe cardiomyopathy with LVEF % with hx. cardiac arrest, DDD pacer, ICD, and stent to Cx. artery, chronic afib on anticoagulation, presenting with one day history of lethargy, cough, and s/p mechanical fall without trauma, found to be febrile and hypoxic in the emergency department, concerning for early pneumonia. . Fever and hypoxia - history most consistent with a viral pneumonia. No definiative lobar, bacterial process. Continued levofloxacin emperically with improvement. . Leukopenia and thrombocytopenia (relative: Resolved. . Malaise, somnolence, anorexia - all likely due to infection, viral vs. bacterial pneumonia. Monitor, encourage PO intake. . Chronic Systolic Heart Failure due to CAD with hx. cardiac arrest and mult conduction system abnormalities s/p pacer and ICD: Ruled out MI. Cont. ASA, Plavix. . Chronic Kidney Disease, stage: C r at baseline, slight elevation, but NOT acute renal failure (not up by %. . Dehydration, mild. Hold lasix as above for now, gentleF until taking adequate PO. . Atrial Fibrillation - rate controlled. Continue toprol, warfarin. . Sleep apnea on CPAP - asked wife to bring machine from home - she will today. . Medications on Admission: aspirin mg daily, Plavix mg daily, Lasix mg daily, lisinopril mg daily, Toprol-XL mg daily, Flomax . mg at bedtime, and warfarin mg. Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: Homecare Discharge Diagnosis: CHF exacerbation Atrial fibrillation viral syndrome Discharge Condition: stable Discharge Instructions: Weigh yourself every morning. If your weight ever increases by more than pounds in one day, please call your doctor. Be sure to take Lasix mg per day. Be sure to complete all of your antibiotics. Followup Instructions: Please be sure to follow up with nurse of cardiology - , : : : CLINIC : : : Call the infectious disease clinic for an appointment within the next month: ( :",0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1441,51640,": : : Sex: M Service: SURGERY Allergies: A.C.E Inhibitors / Beta-Adrenergic Blocking Agents : Chief Complaint: Bleeding from the liver s/p biopsy of the liver Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Exploratory laparotomy, cauterization of right hepatic lobe biopsy site. History of Present Illness: This is an year old male who is status post percutaneous U/S guided liver biopsy ( of Seg with a moderate hematoma after the biopsy. The patient presented to SICU for observation and then taken to the OR once this was not controlled. Past Medical History: PMHx: . Hypertension . Hypercholesterolemia . Cataract, left eye. . Macular hole, left eye. PSHx: . Total knee replacement. . Prostatectomy . Cataract extraction Stent to RCA after circulatory collapse Social History: He currently lives with his girlfriend. is a retired laboratory technician and was exposed to significantounts of beryllium over his professional career. He denies any exposure to asbestos. He currently smokes about two packs a week and has a pack-year smoking history. Family History: He denies any family history of lung disease. Pertinent Results: :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD Hct-.* :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :PM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV-* MCH-.* MCHC-. RDW-.* Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Neuts- Bands- Lymphs-* Monos- Eos-* Baso- Atyps- Metas- Myelos- :AM BLOOD Neuts-* Bands- Lymphs- Monos- Eos- Baso- Atyps- Metas-* Myelos- :AM BLOOD Hypochr-+ Anisocy-+ Poiklo-+ Macrocy-NORMAL Microcy-+ Polychr-NORMAL Ovalocy-+ :PM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM BLOOD Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD ALT-* AST-* CK(CPK- AlkPhos-* Amylase- TotBili-. :AM BLOOD ALT- AST- CK(CPK-* AlkPhos-* Amylase- TotBili-. :PM BLOOD Lipase- :PM BLOOD CK-MB-NotDone cTropnT-<. :AM BLOOD cTropnT-<. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :PM BLOOD Albumin-.* Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :PM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO- pH-. calTCO- BaseS-- :AM BLOOD Type-ART pO-* pCO- pH-. calTCO- BaseS- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* Lactate-. Na- K-. Cl- :PM BLOOD Hgb-.* calcHCT- :PM BLOOD Hgb-.* calcHCT- :PM BLOOD freeCa-. . . Cardiology Report ECG Study Date of :: AM Baseline artifact. Leads and V-V were not recorded. Sinus rhythm. Borderline left axis deviation. Cannot exclude prior inferior wall myocardial infarction. Probable left ventricular hypertrophy. Anterior T wave inversions raise consideration of ischemia, etc. Compared to the previous tracing of atrial ectopy is not seen without overall diagnostic change in the leads recorded. Clinical correlation is suggested. Intervals Axes Rate PR QRS QT/QTc P QRS T /. - . . BX-NEEDLE LIVER BY RADIOLOGIST : AM IMPRESSION: Ultrasound-guided biopsy of a heterogenous lesion in segment previously seen on ultrasound and MRI. A total of three core biopsies were obtained. No immediate post-procedure complications were observed; however, the patient experienced hypotension while being monitored after the procedure in the daycare unit and was sent to the emergency room after a Code was called . There is evidence of a subcapsular hematoma on fast scan and CT scan of the abdomen was then performed to evaluate theount of hemorrhage. . . CHEST (PORTABLE AP : AM IMPRESSION: Right-sided pleural densities and atelectasis in right lower lobe area, stable in comparison with the previous examination of . No new acute findings. No pneumothorax. . . CTA ABD W&W/O C & RECONS : AM IMPRESSION: . Moderate-sized perihepatic extracapsular hematoma with posterior area of active extravasation. This extravasation appears to be arising from vessels associated with hypervascular lesion at the inferior right lobe of the liver (biopsied earlier today with clot formation adjacent to this lesion. . Four rim-enhancing hepatic lesions, which are likely metastases. . Left lower pole renal cell carcinoma. . New mm left lower lobe pleural-based mass, which is concerning for metastasis given that it was not present on prior chest CT from . Recommend dedicated chest CT to evaluate for additional lesions. . Right-sided pleural effusions including a loculated anterior effusion and layering posterior effusion with compressive atelectasis. Status post right- sided pleurodesis. . Adrenal adenoma. . Sclerotic and mottled appearance of right iliac , which may represent early Paget's disease or less likely a focus of metastasis. . . Brief Hospital Course: This patient was admitted to Transplant surgery service after a liver hemorrhage status post a liver biopsy. The patient was initially admitted to the S-ICU where he had imaging (please see reports as above. He had a major drop in his hematocrit from to and underwent a CT scan that demonstrated active extravasation of contrast from the liver bed. The patient was taken to the operating room for exploration (ex-lap and cauterization of liver bleed. The patient had no intra or post-operative complications. He was brought to the PACU in a stable condition. Cardiac enzymes were drawn for chest discomfort and the drop in Hct - they were negative and his EKG was unremarkable. The patient did well overnight. The following morning, he was started on a clear diet, which was tolerated. He had no new issues and only complained of a sore throat. The following day on POD, the patient was discharged after he was ambulating and tolerating a regular diet. He had no new issues and his labwork was stable and within normal limits. Medications on Admission: Norvasc .', cozaar ', Lipitor ', Lopresor , Amlodipine .''', colace, Foltex T', ASA ' Discharge Medications: . Colace mg Capsule Sig: One ( Capsule PO twice a day as needed for constipation. Disp:* Capsule(s* Refills:** . Acetaminophen mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO Q-H (every to hours as needed for Temp above F. Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home Discharge Diagnosis: Hemoperitoneum s/p liver biopsy (percutaneous liver biopsy Discharge Condition: Stable. Discharge Instructions: You should not resume your aspirin until follow-up with your transplant surgeon, Dr . You should see your PCP weeks time. Please follow-up with your cardiologist and schedule an outpatient TTE (echo as they indicated when you were in hospital with us. Light activity only. You may take Tylenol for pain as you need it, and Colace for constipation as you need it. Please call your doctor or return to the ER for any of the following: * You experience new chest pain, pressure, squeezing or tightness. * New or worsening cough or wheezing. * If you are vomitting and cannot keep in fluids or your medications. * You are getting dehydrated due to continued vomitting, diarrhea or other reasons. Signs of dehydration include dry mouth, rapid heartbeat or feeling dizzy or faint when standing. * You see blood or dark/black material when you vomit or have a bowel movement. * Your skin, or the whites of your eyes become yellow. * Your pain is not improving within - hours or not gone within hours. Call or return immediately if your pain is getting worse or is changing location or moving to your chest or back. * You have shaking chills, or a fever greater than . (F degrees or (C degrees. * Any serious change in your symptoms, or any new symptoms that concern you. Followup Instructions: -- , M.D. : : : -- , : : : -- Please call to see Dr in weeks time: ( :",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
465,6864,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Percocet / Bactrim Ds / Lisinopril : Chief Complaint: Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Intensive Care, Mechanical Ventilation History of Present Illness: y.o. male with history of MS who presented to with complaints of fatigue, low vision and nausea, and decreased function of his hands, b/l hip pain, constipation week. While being worked up was found to have a low-grade fever (per wife- baseline temp is -F and UTI for which he received Ceftriaxone and Vancomcyin and was also hyponatremic to . He was given NS and shortly thereafter had two seizures and bit his tongue during one of them with bleeding and was thus intubated for airway protection in addition to receiving a total of mg Ativan. He was then transferred to for neurological evaluation. Of note, patient does not have a history of seizure disorder and is not on seizure medications. He has had one seizure in the past, in the setting of an infection. After arriving to , he was evaluated by neurology who felt that the patient's seizure was likely multifactorial in etiology with infection and being the likely contributors. Meningitis was on the differential, though not felt to be very likely and given his clinical instability, an LP was deferred and Ceftriaxone and Vancomycin were continued. Head CT was also unremarkable. He was then admitted to the MICU for further management. ROS: No HA. No menigismus. Inc confusion, clumsiness, low vision (typical of infection per wife. Erythema around suprapubic cath site, but no exudate. Past Medical History: MS - since , progressive, quadriplegic, neurogenic bladder with suprapubic catheter, restrictive 's History of Aspiration PNAs Esophageal Ulcer - NSAs, , small bowel bx negative Recurrent UTIs CHF (EF > % with moderate LVH in ' HTN Legally Blind Social History: He is married years and lives with his wife at home. He has three children and three grandchildren. He was a professor engineering at , but retired on disability after the spring semester due to his MS. is wheelchair-bound. He denies tobacco, alcohol, and recreational drug use. Has personal care assistant. Family History: Father had CAD and CVA. Mother has disease. Brother has diabetes. Physical Exam: Vitals: T ., HR , BP /, R , % intubated Gen- obese, critically ill, bleeding from the mouth, intubated and sedated. HEENT: NCAT, R corneal hyphema at 'clock, anicteric sclera, blood from mouth, + tongue trauma. NECK: no carotid bruits bilaterally, no nuchal rigidity. CV: distant sounds, RRR, accentuated split S, no MRG PULM: CTA B Abd: obese, RLQ with baclofen pump, + BS, ND Extrem: generalized edema with + pitting LE edema bilaterally to above the knee. + dp pulses bilaterally. NEUROLOGIC EXAM: MS- occasionally chewing on ET tube. pt does not open eyes to voice. he does not follow commands. he does not localize noxious stimuli. CN- PERRL --> sluggish, corneal reflex intact bilaterally, when eyelids are opened he has conjugate roving eye movements, he does not regard the examiner, oculocephalic reflex intact, brisk gag reflex. Motor- withdraws left arm purposefully to nailbed pressure, no withdrawal to pain on left, nail bed pressure on right foot induces clonus but no withdrawal, left foot nailbed pressure results in slight withdrawal. left toe muted, right babinski reflex induces clonus. Sensory- as above in motor exam. withdraws R arm, grimace on L arm, RLE clonus, LLE grimace. Reflexes- clonus at R ankle, absent patellar reflexes, + symmetric brachioradialis, unable to elicit bicep or triceps reflexes. Pertinent Results: EKG: Normal sinus at approximately , nl axis, nl PR, narrow QRS, < mm STD in and TWI in. CT Head (: There is no intracranial mass lesion, hydrocephalus, shift of normally midline structures, major vascular territorial infarct, or intracranial hemorrhage. The -white matter differentiation is preserved. The osseous structures are unremarkable. The visualized paranasal sinuses demonstrate opacification of the ethmoid sinus. IMPRESSION: No acute intracranial pathology. CXR (: Limited study due to low lung volumes. Endotracheal tube terminates approximately cm above the carina. Retrocardiac opacity may represent the combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion, cannot rule out consolidation. Followup is recommended. EEG ABNORMALITY : Throughout the recording, there is an interhemispheric asymmetry with more complex rhythms, at times with faster frequencies, noted on the left compared with a slightly lower voltage and slower frequency activity over the right side. ABNORMALITY : The background was of low voltage, disorganized, and slow typically in the Hz frequency range, admixed with bursts of generalized mixed frequency theta and delta frequency slowing. BACKGROUND: As above. HYPERVENTILATION: Could not be performed as this was a portable study. INTERMITTENT PHOTIC STIMULATION: Could not be performed as this was a portable study. SLEEP: No normal waking or sleeping morphologies were noted. CARDIAC MONITOR: Showed a generally regular rhythm with an average rate of bpm. IMPRESSION: This is an abnormal portable EEG due to the interhemispheric asymmetry with somewhat more complex and faster frequency rhythms noted broadly over the left side compared with lower voltage and slower frequency rhythms noted over the right. The findings suggest bilateral subcortical dysfunction which is more prominent over the right side. In addition, the background was disorganized, low voltage and slow with admixed bursts of generalized mixed frequency slowing with this constellation of findings being consistent with a diffuse moderately severe encephalopathy. Medications, metabolic disturbances, and infection areong the common causes of encephalopathy but there are others. There were no epileptiform features and no electrographic seizure activity was noted. ECHO: The left atrium is mildly dilated. There is moderate symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy. The left ventricular cavity is small. Overall left ventricular systolic function is normal (LVEF %. There is no ventricular septal defect. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The aortic root is mildly dilated at the sinus level. The aortic valve leaflets ( appear structurally normal with good leaflet excursion and no aortic regurgitation. The mitral valve appears structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation. There is no mitral valve prolapse. The pulmonary artery systolic pressure could not be determined. There is no pericardial effusion. Compared with the findings of the prior study (images reviewed of , the findings are similar. VEO SWALLOW OROPHARYNGEAL VEO FLUOROSCOPIC SWALLOWING EVALUATION: An oral and pharyngeal swallow evaluation was performed in conjunction with speech and pathology department. Under continuous videofluoroscopy, barium of various consistencies was administered orally to the patient. ORAL PHASE: Mastication of solids was slow. There was reduction in AP tongue movement secondary to weakness. Bolus control was mildly reduced with premature spillover into the pharynx. A mild coating of the oral cavity residue remained after the swallow. This was cleared with repeat swallows. PHARYNGEAL PHASE: There was mild delay in swallowing initiation. Epiglottic deflection was incomplete, although NG tube presence may have been partially responsible. Pharyngeal transit time was normal, but pharyngeal constriction appeared mildly reduced. A mild coating of residue remained in the vallecula and piriform sinuses after liquids and solids. This was cleared with repeat swallows. ASPIRATION/PENETRATION: There was penetration before the swallow with thin liquids, nectar thick liquids and pureed solids. There was one trace aspiration episode after the swallow. A spontaneous throat clear was effective in clearing the aspirated material. IMPRESSION: . Mild oral and pharyngeal dysphagia. . Premature spillover, swallow delay and reduced pharyngeal constriction. . Penetration before the swallow, with one episode of trace aspiration. CXR PORTABLE CHEST RADIOGRAPH: Nasogastric tube is seen with tip overlying the stomach, with residual contrast material within the stomach. Cardiac and mediastinal contours appear stable. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Improved aeration of the left base is noted. No definite consolidation identified, although the left costophrenic angle is excluded from the image. IMPRESSION: Improved aeration of the left base. No definite focal consolidations are identified. LABORATORY STUDIES HEMATOLOGY :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :PM BLOOD Hct-.* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct- :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-.* RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD WBC-. RBC-.* Hgb-.* Hct-.* MCV- MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. Plt Ct-* COAGULATION :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :AM BLOOD Plt Ct-* :AM BLOOD Plt Ct-* CHEMISTRIES :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na-* K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na-* K-.* Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na-* K-.* Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :PM BLOOD Na-* K-. Cl-* HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN-* Creat-.* Na-* Cl-* HCO- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose-* UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Glucose- UreaN- Creat-. Na- K-. Cl- HCO- AnGap- :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. :PM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-. Mg-. :AM BLOOD Calcium-. Phos-.* Mg-. :PM BLOOD LD(LDH-* TotBili-. :AM BLOOD Osmolal-* :PM BLOOD Osmolal-* ENDOCRINOLOGY :AM BLOOD TSH-. :PM BLOOD TSH-. :PM BLOOD Cortsol-.* HAPTO :PM BLOOD Hapto-* URINALYSIS Color Appear Sp :AM Yellow Clear . Source: Catheter :AM Yellow Clear . Source: Catheter :PM Yellow Hazy . Source: Catheter :PM Yellow Clear . Source: Catheter :AM Yellow Hazy . Source: Catheter :AM Yellow Cloudy . DIPSTICK URINALYSIS Bld Nit Prtn G Ket Bil Urb pH Leuks :AM NEG NEG TR NEG NEG NEG NEG . TR Source: Catheter :AM SM NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG . SM Source: Catheter :PM TR NEG NEG NEG NEG . MOD Source: Catheter :PM SM NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG . SM Source: Catheter :AM MOD NEG TR NEG NEG NEG NEG . SM Source: Catheter :AM MOD NEG NEG NEG NEG NEG . MOD MICROSCOPIC EXAM RBC WBC Bac Yeast Epi TransE RenalEp :AM * * NONE MOD < Source: Catheter :AM MANY Source: Catheter :PM * * NONE MANY Source: Catheter :PM - OCC MOD Source: Catheter :AM - FEW OCC Source: Catheter :AM * > MOD NONE - - MICROBIOLOGY URINE URINE CULTURE-PENDING INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-PENDING INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-PENDING INPATIENT STOOL CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE TOXIN ASSAY-FINAL INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-PENDING INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-PENDING INPATIENT URINE URINE CULTURE-FINAL {YEAST} INPATIENT STOOL CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE TOXIN ASSAY-FINAL INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-PENDING INPATIENT URINE URINE CULTURE-FINAL {YEAST} INPATIENT STOOL CLOSTRIUM DIFFICILE TOXIN ASSAY-FINAL INPATIENT SPUTUM GRAM STAIN-FINAL; RESPIRATORY CULTURE-FINAL INPATIENT URINE URINE CULTURE-FINAL {YEAST} INPATIENT SPUTUM GRAM STAIN-FINAL; RESPIRATORY CULTURE-FINAL INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-FINAL INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-FINAL INPATIENT SPUTUM GRAM STAIN-FINAL; RESPIRATORY CULTURE-FINAL INPATIENT URINE URINE CULTURE-FINAL {YEAST} INPATIENT BLOOD CULTURE Blood Culture, Routine-FINAL INPATIENT Brief Hospital Course: A/P: y.o. male with MS who presented wtih UTI and s/p seizures . SEIZURES Patient does not have a history of a seizure disorder though he has had one seizure in the past, in the setting of an infection. He was found to have both UTI and pneumonia (possibly aspiration on admission. Additionally, he was hyponatremic to . Both of these factors likely contributed to the patient's seizures. CT head was unremarkable. Neuro followed during his admission. He was loaded with dilantin and then transitioned to Keppra. No further seizures during admission. He should continue to increase his keppra per schedule up to mg PO B, up mg/day every days. WEAKNESS / MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS At baseline he is wheelchair bound and unable to life his legs. He can raise both of his arms antigravity, and is typically able to operate the remote control with his right hand. The patient was followed by neurology. He has LE weakness at baseline (in a wheelchair and ha owrsening UE weakness that was starting to improve on discharge. Admission exam as detailed above. It was not felt that he was having an MS flare; he should follow up with his MS doctor, Dr. , within weeks of discharge. Possible etiologies included hypovolemic hypoNa and SIADH. Given that this was symptomatic and not clearly hypovolemic in nature, slow infusion of hypertonic saline was used to increase sodium by mEq. Urine osmoles initially above . The lowest urine osmolarity achieved was despite normal volume status, suggesting SIADH as a component. Renal saw the patient and agreed with SIADH, recommending a high salt diet. The importance of fluid restriction was discussed (previously drinking liters per day free water. However, if the patient needs to drink copiousounts for his suprapub catheter (as recommended by urology, then he should have high salt, high protein diet. With mild fluid restriction, sodium improved into mid to upper s. UTI / PROTEUS, YEAST Patient has a history of recurrent UTIs s/p suprapubic catheter. UA appeared infected rather than colonized given the high amount of WBCs. Cultures from OSH grew Klebsiella sensitive to ceftriaxone and he completed a day course. Suprapubic catheter was changed on . He had low grade temperature to . and was pancultured. His urine continued to grow yeast, and he was started on days of fluconazole on . BLOOD CULTURES were drawn sevaral points during this admission and have all been negative in house. ASPIRATION PNEUMONIA Had infiltrate, fever, and clear aspiration after seizing with tongue trauma. He was treated with a day course of ceftriaxone/metronidazole. Sputum cultures did not isolate pathogens. Support for respiratory failure as detailed below. The patient was evaluated for recurrent aspiration risk. A modified soft solid diet with thin liquids was recommended after video swallow. RESPIRATORY FAILURE Patient reportedly has a history of restrictive lung disease, which is evidenced on CXR, though by history, he was only intubated for airway protection in the setting of a seizure. He initially had higher than anticipated oxygenation requirements, but this improved with treatment of his pneumonia. He was extubated . /PAP was used on the medical floor at home settings . THROMBOCYTOSIS The patient developed elevated platelet counts while in house. This was felt to be reactive process, possibly from yeast UTI. CHF Appears euvolemic to mildly fluid-up. Some evidence of pulmonary and peripheral edema. Echo showed mod LVH with EF %. DYSAUTONOMIA The patient's wife reports that he runs low temperatures, and was very concerned about temperatures which were -, which she considered fever. He was pancultured for these in the ICU but cultures were all negative or no growth to date. He had several swings in his blood pressure, for which iv medication for hypertensive urgency (BP / were avoided. HTN Initially with borderline hypotension requiring decrease in hypertension regimen. Eventually HTN worsened - added back home regimen (clonidine and beta blockade plus hydralazine and amlodipine. He was transitioned to carvedilol from lopressor. BP was overall quite labile and required frequent adjustment of his regimen. Medications on Admission: Baclofen (pump Brimonidine Clonidine . mg PO B Fentanyl mcg TD Q Combivent Lactulose mL PRN Metoprolol mg PO B Minocycline mg PO B Omeprazole mg PO B Oxazepam mg PO QHS Oxybutynin Chloride mg PO B Paroxetine mg PO QD Simvastatin mg PO QD Ascorbic Acid mg PO B Dulcolax mg PRN Calcium mg PO T Cranberry mg Vitamin D mg Iron mg PO QD MVI Omega Fatty Acids Metamucil Senna Discharge Medications: . Bisacodyl mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. : Two ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO DAILY (Daily as needed. . Senna . mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed. . Heparin (Porcine , unit/mL Solution : ( UNITS Injection T ( times a day. . Brimonidine . % Drops : One ( Drop Ophthalmic QH (every hours. . Omega- Fatty Acids Capsule : One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day. . Calcium Carbonate mg Tablet, Chewable : One ( Tablet, Chewable PO T ( times a day. . Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D unit Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Simvastatin mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Oxybutynin Chloride mg Tablet : Three ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. . Paroxetine HCl mg Tablet : Two ( Tablet PO HS (at bedtime. . Acetaminophen mg Tablet : - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed. . Baclofen pump Please continue Baclofen pump. . Clonidine . mg Tablet : Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Albuterol Sulfate . mg/ mL Solution for Nebulization : .% neb solution Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. . Ipratropium Bromide . % Solution : One ( neb Inhalation QH (every hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing. . Multivitamin Capsule : One ( Capsule PO once a day. . Lansoprazole mg Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR : One ( Tablet,Rapid Dissolve, DR DAILY (Daily. . Ferrous Sulfate mg ( mg Iron Tablet : One ( Tablet PO once a day. . Latanoprost .: One ( Drop Ophthalmic HS (at bedtime. . Docusate Sodium mg Capsule : One ( Capsule PO B ( times a day as needed for constipation. . Carvedilol . mg Tablet : Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . Fentanyl mcg/hr Patch hr : One ( Patch hr Transdermal QH (every hours. . Amlodipine mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . Keppra , mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO twice a day: After days, increase to for days, then for final dose. . Fluconazole mg Tablet : One ( Tablet PO QH (every hours for days. Discharge Disposition: Extended Care Facility: Hospital - Discharge Diagnosis: PRIMARY: SEIZURE DISORDER, NOS MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS SECONDARY: CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE, CHRONIC DIASTOLIC HYPERTENSION Legally Blind Discharge Condition: Hemodynamically stable, afebrile. Discharge Instructions: You were transferred to with new seizures, and a urinary tract infection. You were started on an antiseizure medication called KEPPRA. You were treated for a urinary tract infection; you received antibiotics for a bacterial UTI and started on fluconazole for a yeast UTI. You were evaluated by neurology and felt not to have a new multiple sclerosis flare. Your medications have changed. Please review your new medication list. If you develop fever > ., chills, new pain, or other concerning symptoms, please notify the doctor on call or return to the hospital. Followup Instructions: , : : : , : : : (H GENERAL RADIOLOGY : : : , : : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0
1159,27066,": : : Sex: M Service: MEDICINE Allergies: Magnesium Citrate / Penicillins / Gabapentin : Chief Complaint: Headache, hypoxia. Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Midline placement Mechanical ventilation History of Present Illness: yo male with h/o multiple medical comorbidities, severe OSA s/p tracheostomy in , triplegia secondary to electruciation, chronic pain syndrome s/p intrathecal with Bupivacaine pump implantation transferred from OSH for continued management of acute on chronic respiratory failure. Per patient had been in USOH when noted gradual onset of inability to properly use left hand, myoclonic jerking and confusion. He presented to OSH on where he was noted to have increasing O requirement (at baseline FiO: -% on arrival necessitating %. Regarding respiratory failure. Patient with a history of multifactorial respiratory failure secondary to severe OSA, COPD and neuromuscular weakness that culminated in tracheostomy mths prior. For the last mths he was required ventilation with assist control. No documented hypoxia in OSH hospital only documentation of vent settings at % FiO. Hypoxia work-up included upper and lower extremity ultrasounds: negative for DVT; TTE without intracardiac shunt. Patient was found to have increased secretions and questionable infiltrate on CXR. A bronchscopy was performed which demonstrated trachiobronchimalacia. Bronchial washings and sputum cultures were obtained which later grew out psuedomonas. Patient was initially treated with Levofloxacin and tigacylin, which was later transitioned to inhaled tobramycin based on sensitivites. Prior to transfer FiO had been weaned from % -> % with stable sats. Regarding altered mental status and myoclonic jerking. Patient with increasing confusion and myoclonus prior. Neurology consulted. CT head negative. EEG negative. Myoclonic jerking was attributed to toxicity as jerking resolved with initial dose reduction. AMS change was attributed to toxicity with contribution from hypoxia and UTI (urine cx + pseudomonas. Prior to transfer mental status returned to baseline. At time of transfer patient was oxygenating well on Assist Control: VT: RR: PEEP: . FiO: %. VS: Tm . BP: -s/s-s HR: s-s On arrival to the , VSS. Patient reports mental status is back to baseline though reports persistent headache with associated left hand parathesias. Denies SOB though reports persistent chest heaviness and green secretions - though states he feels secretionount has lessened since Abx initiation. ROS + sweats/chills, dysuria, + left hand numbness/tingling - nausea, vomiting, diarrhea - last BM days prior Past Medical History: Triplegia s/p electricution injury in , has use of LUE. Chronic multifactorial respiratory failure secondary to OSA, neuromuscular weakness, COPD s/p tracheostomy Severe OSA, not able to tolerate CPAP and BiPAP, COPD Chronic Pain syndrome s/p intrathecal pump implantation in Diabetes Mellitus type : last Ac: . CAD s/p PCI with of distal RCA in catherization: widely patent stent with mild to moderation (-% stenosis of distal RCA beyond stent Chronic atypical chest pain with borderline - mild elevations of troponins Hypertension GERD History of GI bleed secondary to duodenal ulcer Depression/Anxiety s/p spinal fracture Seizure Disorder Social History: is single and lives with his mother and two brothers. is on medical disability, but used to work as a custodian. He has primarily daytime nursing care, but is able to get overnight care if necessary. He denies fear in any relationships, does not drink alcohol and uses no illicit drugs. Caffeine intake is two cups of coffee. He reports a -pack year history, quit in . Family History: His family history is positive for hypertension, diabetes, and depression. He has a brother with sleep apnea who is not on treatment. Physical Exam: Upon admission: GEN: obese male, comfortable, NAD HEENT: PERRL, EOMI, anicteric sclera, MMM, op without lesions Neck: thick, trach in place, no audible stridor RESP: anterior fields with bronchial/course breath sounds, quiet wheeze CV: distant heart sounds, RRR no appreciable murmurs, general anasarca ABD: distended, nontender, area of induration in RLQ secondary to pump, + BS EXT: warm, well perfused, general anasarca SKIN: multiple tattos, no rashes, no jaundice NEURO: AAOx. Cn-XII intact. Able to move LUE, increased tone in right upper and lower extremity Pertinent Results: OSH Data: OUTSE HOSPITAL Labs: see below creatinine: .; peak . HgAc: . BNP: Trop: ., . MICRO: Blood cx: no growth Sputum, bronch wash cx: + Pseudomonos - SENSITIVE to Ceftazidine Gentamicin Levofloxacin Zosyn Tobramycin <= Urine culture: Pseudomonas Legionella: negative Strep pneumo antigen: negative Outside Hospital Studies CXR (: findings consisent with CHF and small left pleural effusion CT scan brain without contrast (: no acute intracranial abnl EEG ( no significant asymmetries or paroxysmal activiries suggestive of epilepsy Bronchoscopy (: evidence of dynamic collapse as well as occlusion of the distal ET tube with forceful coughing; moderate quantity of purulent secretions TEE: Normal with exception of trace MR, trace TR and trivial aorta atherosclerosis. Normal LV and RV size and function. No evidence of pulmonary hypertension though could not measure pulm artery pressure. No intrathoracic shunt. Admission Labs to : :PM WBC-. RBC-.* HGB-.* HCT-.* MCV-* MCH-. MCHC-. RDW-. :PM NEUTS-. LYMPHS-. MONOS-. EOS-.* BASOS-. :PM PLT COUNT- :PM PT-. PTT-. INR(PT-. :PM GLUCOSE-* UREA N-* CREAT-.* SODIUM- POTASSIUM-. CHLORE- TOTAL CO- ANION GAP- :PM CALCIUM-. PHOSPHATE-. MAGNESIUM-. IRON-* :PM ALT(SGPT- AST(SGOT- ALK PHOS- TOT BILI-. :PM CK-MB- cTropnT-.* :PM TSH-. Discharge labs, : . >--------< . ----------------< . . Micro: Urine cultures negative : SPUTUM Source: Endotracheal. **FINAL REPORT ** GRAM STAIN (Final : > PMNs and < epithelial cells/X field. + (- per X FIELD: GRAM POSITIVE COCCI. IN PAIRS AND CLUSTERS. RESPIRATORY CULTURE (Final : Commensal Respiratory Flora Absent. STAPH AUREUS COAG +. MODERATE GROWTH. SENSITIVITIES: MIC expressed in MCG/ML STAPH AUREUS COAG + | CLINDAMYCIN----------- => R ERYTHROMYCIN---------- => R GENTAMICIN------------ <=. S LEVOFLOXACIN---------- => R OXACILLIN------------- . S TRIMETHOPRIM/SULFA---- <=. S CHEST (PORTABLE AP Study Date of FINDINGS: In comparison with the study of , there may be slight decrease in the persistent opacification at the right base. Left basilar opacification persists. Again, the appearance is consistent with pneumonia, though there may be some element of atelectasis. Tracheostomy tube remains in place. RENAL U.S. PORT Study Date of : The right kidney measures . cm and the left kidney measures . cm. There is mild hydronephrosis on the right. The left kidney is normal. No stones or focal masses identified. The bladder is substantially distended on the current examination. IMPRESSION: Mild right hydronephrosis. Substantially distended bladder. UNILAT UP EXT VEINS US RIGHT Study Date of : . No evidence of right upper extremity DVT. . Flattened waveforms in the internal jugular and subclavian veins; this may indicate a central obstructive process such as stenosis or extrinsic compression. CT chest may be useful Brief Hospital Course: yo male with multiple medical comorbidities including triplegia secondary to electruciation, severe OSA s/p tracheostomy in , chronic pain syndrome s/p intrathecal pump implantation transferred from OSH for continued management of acute on chronic respiratory failure in setting of pseudomonas pneumonia. Acute on Chronic Respiratory Failure. Patient with baseline chronic multifactorial respiratory failure secondary to OSA, neuromuscular weakness, habitus and COPD. He is s/p tracheostomy months prior and upon admission had been ventilated for ~ hr/day. On presentation to OSH patient with FiO requirement of %. Likely worsening pulm function secondary to known PNA. Patient was quickly weaned off the ventilator and maintained on trach mask. Spoke with outpatient pulmologist who will follow him as outpatient. He was continued nebulizer treatments as well as antibiotics to cover his pneumonia. Per primary pulmonologist, patient can hold his own for a few days, but eventually will need some vent support. He recommends Ventilation at night/bedtime: SIMV Tv , RR , PEEP , L . Frequent suctioning. Patient/caretakers understand and this was ordered. Pneumonia. Sputum culture and bronchial wash + pseudomonas at OSH. Legionella, Strep pneumo negative. Pseudomonas sensitive to ceftaz, zosyn, levofloxacin, gentamycin. Due to h/o of documented allergies unable to use ceftaz and zosyn secondary and gentamycin not ideal in setting of elevated creatinine. Patient arrived on inhaled tobramycin and levofloxacin. Patient clinically doing well. Decision made to stop inhaled tobramycin and continue pseudomonas coverage with levofloxacin for planned day course. Repeat sputum culture in house with MSSA. Started on Bactrim on and will continue through . Altered mental status. At OSH attributed to toxicity exacerbated by relative hypoxemia and UTI. Work-up to date includes negative CT head, unremarkable EEG. Per patient mentation back to baseline however complains of continued frontal headache with associated parathesias of left hand. On presentation labs without significant metabolic derangements. No sign of encephalopathy, no asteristix on exam. Patient without h/o liver disease and LFTs within normal limit. + Tinels sign on exam. TSH within normal limits. Potential benefit from left wrist splint as question if parathesias is secondary to carpal tunnel in the setting of anasarca. Consider EEG as an outpatient if left upper extremity numbness does not improve. Headache/Blurred vision. Assess by optho and neuro. Fundoscopic exam without obvious abnormality. Per neuro headache and blurred vision likely secondary to tension headache which can be treated with tyelnol. No further imaging or work-up persued in house. Patient will likely benefit getting new glasses. Symptomatic heat therapy or ice packs to the forehead/neck region to decrease discomfort from tension headache. Patient will need neurology follow up, which was scheduled, Urinary retention. Chronic problem. In house decrease his dosage and stopped his anticholinergic medication nortriptyline. Differential includes heavy narcotic usage vs. medication induced vs. obstruction such as prostate hypertrophy or prostate cancer. Cauda equina syndrome or epidural abscess seem unlikely, given physical exam and overall symptoms. Yitamin B, thiamine, copper levels, SPEP, UPEP, RPR, , rheumatoid factor, HIV test sent, should be followed up. Foley was placed and he started on tamsulosin. He was discharged with foley to follow up with urology for ongoing care. . Baseline creatinine .. OSH creatinine .. On admission .. Patient did not received any studies with contrast at OSH. Patient with no other medication changes. No history of GI losses though likely with sub-optimal PO intake. Fluctuated throughout admission. Lisinopril was held and he was hydrated. This stabilized by discharge. Myoclonic jerks. Attributed to toxicity at OSH. Jerks improved with lower dose of . CT head negative. EEG read as unremarkable. Currently, patient without jerking movements. Chronic Pain syndrome. Intrathecal with buprivacaine pump in place. Of note per report there has been a % dose increase of his IT Pump on and . Per note, plan was for pt to trial this regimen for two weeks; at time would reeval if another % increase is appropriate. Seen by outpatient pain physician. transitioned to PO -mg q prn, in addition to pump. Lyrica contiuned. Nortriptyline stopped. He will follow up with his Pain specialist as an outpatient. CAD s/p PCI with of distal RCA in . He had reported chest heaviness on arrival. He had no signs of ischemia during admission. He was continued on his metoprolol, ASA. Diabetes Mellitus. His last Ac: .. He was started and discharged home on Humalog ISS. Depression/Anxiety: Continued home regimen with holding parameters for sedation. Code Status: He was full code during this admission. Medications on Admission: ALBUTEROL SULFATE - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain B - (Prescribed by Other - - ml IM injection BACLOFEN - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth three times a day CLONAZEPAM - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth twice a day WITH BUPIVACAINE INTRATHECAL PUMP - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain ERGOCALCIFEROL (VITAMIN D - (Prescribed by Other - , unit Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth weeks Then mg QD HYDROMORPHONE - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth by mouth twice a day as needed for pain HYDROMORPHONE ] - (Dose adjustment - no new Rx - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth twice a day as needed for prn pain three month supply IPRATROPIUM BROME - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain LACTULOSE - (Prescribed by Other - gram/ mL Solution - tsp by mouth as needed LISINOPRIL - (Prescribed by Other - . mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth once a day METOPROLOL SUCCINATE - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet Sustained Release hr - . (One half Tablet(s by mouth twice a day NORTRIPTYLINE - (Prescribed by Other - mg Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth at bedtime PANTOPRAZOLE - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. - Tablet(s by mouth twice a day PREGABALIN - mg Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth three times a day PREGABALIN - mg Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth three times a day QUETIAPINE - (Prescribed by Other ; Dose adjustment - no new Rx - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth q/ mg Q PM SULFAMETHOXAZOLE-TRIMETHOPRIM - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain Medications - OTC ACETAMINOPHEN - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet - Tablet(s by mouth every six ( hours as needed ASPIRIN - (Prescribed by Other ; Dose adjustment - no new Rx - mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. - Tablet(s by mouth once a day BISACODYL - (Prescribed by Other - mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. - Tablet(s by mouth once a day DEXTRAN -HYPROMELLOSE - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain DOCUSATE SODIUM - (Prescribed by Other ; Dose adjustment - no new Rx - mg Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth three times a day MULTIVITAMIN - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain OMEGA- FATTY ACS - (Prescribed by Other - , mg Capsule - Capsule(s by mouth three times a day POLYETHYLENE GLYCOL - (Prescribed by Other - Dosage uncertain SENNA - (Prescribed by Other - . mg Tablet - (Three Tablet(s by mouth twice a day SIMETHICONE - (Prescribed by Other ; Dose adjustment - no new Rx - mg Tablet, Chewable - Tablet(s by mouth four times a day Discharge Medications: . metoprolol tartrate mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . baclofen mg Tablet Sig: Four ( Tablet PO T ( times a day. . pregabalin mg Capsule Sig: Five ( Capsule PO T ( times a day. . clonazepam mg Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO B ( times a day. . aspirin mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One ( Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily. . pantoprazole mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. Sig: One ( Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C. PO QH (every hours. . multivitamin Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . quetiapine mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning. . quetiapine mg Tablet Sig: Three ( Tablet PO QPM (once a day (in the evening. . cholecalciferol (vitamin D unit Tablet Sig: Two ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily. . senna . mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day as needed for Constipation. . polyethylene glycol gram/dose Powder Sig: One ( packet PO DAILY (Daily. . albuterol sulfate . mg / mL (. % Solution for Nebulization Sig: One ( nebulizer Inhalation QH (every hours. . ipratropium bromide . % Solution Sig: One ( nebulizer Inhalation QH (every hours. . tamsulosin . mg Capsule, Sust. Release hr Sig: One ( Capsule, Sust. Release hr PO HS (at bedtime. . hydromorphone mg Tablet Sig: - Tablets PO QH (every hours as needed for pain. . sulfamethoxazole-trimethoprim - mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO B ( times a day for days: through . Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . levofloxacin mg Tablet Sig: One ( Tablet PO DAILY (Daily: through . Disp:* Tablet(s* Refills:** . Ventilator at night/bedtime: SIMV, Tv ml, RR , PEEP , L . insulin lispro unit/mL Solution Sig: - units Subcutaneous four times a day: Pls see sliding scale. Disp:*qs month * Refills:** . insulin syringe-needle,dispos. . mL Syringe Sig: One ( Miscellaneous four times a day: For insulin injections. Disp:* syringes* Refills:** Discharge Disposition: Home With Service Facility: New Century Home Care Discharge Diagnosis: Respiratory failure Healthcare acquired pneumonia Acute on chronic pain Urinary retention Headache, blurry vision Triplegia Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent. Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive. Activity Status: Bedbound. Discharge Instructions: You were admitted for respiratory distress and respiratory failure. You were on mechanical ventilation. You were diagnosed with a pneumonia. With adequate treatment, your symptoms improved and you were taken off the ventilator. It is very important that you take your full course of antibiotics, follow your respiratory care instructions, and keep all follow up appointments. You were also seen by your pain doctors. Your pain is well controlled. You were also seen by the neurology team for a constellation of symptoms. It is very important that you follow up with them. Finally, you were found to have urinary retention, possibly due to your medications. A foley catheter was placed. It is very important that you follow up with urology in the outpatient setting. Medication changes: . metoprolol increased to mg twice daily . Lisinopril stopped . Tamsulosin .mg daily started . Nortriptyline stopped . Humalog insulin injections four times a day started Followup Instructions: Name: , Location: UROLOGY Address: , : Appt: at pm Name: ,- Address: , , : Appt: at :am ****NOTE-Dr is out of the office for the next two weeks. If for any reason you feel you need to see the doc sooner than , please call his office and they can get you an appt with an on call physician covering for Dr . Department: PAIN MANAGEMENT CENTER When: FRAY at : PM With: , Building: One Place (, MA Campus: OFF CAMPUS Best Parking: Parking on Site ****NOTE: This was the first appt available with an afternoon time. If you want to be seen sooner than this, the appts will be in the morning. Please call the office if you would like to reschedule. ",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
1663,49816,": : : Sex: F Service: Transplant Surgery HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: The patient is a year old female with end stage renal disease secondary to diabetes Type since the age of who had undergone living related renal transplantation in . Subsequently the patient suffered a chronic rejection and required a retransplantation on . This was a living, unrelated male transplantation. Postoperative course was complicated by Klebsiella urinary tract infection and ureteral necrosis requiring ureteropyeloplasty with stent on , and required a percutaneous nephrostomy tube. Since then the patient has had several admissions due to abdominal pain. In , the patient was admitted and was found to have urine leaking from her wound. Nephrogram at the time showed extravasation of urine from the anastomosis between the transplanted kidney and the ureter. An internal/external stent was placed and the patient continued on her antibiotics. The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation hospital on , only to return to on , again complaining of abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Staff at the rehabilitation hospital noted that the patient's p.o. intake was poor due to nausea and vomiting and the patient also had several regular bowel movements, mostly soft up to four times a day. On arrival to , the patient was her usual state, uncooperative with the medical staff and complaining that she was nauseous. PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: End stage renal disease, secondary to diabetes Type , Stage , status post living related renal transplantation in , complicated by chronic rejection status post a living unrelated renal transplantation on , history of postoperative complication noted as above. Initially, the patient suffered recurrent urinary tract infection with Enterobacter cloacae. In addition, the patient has a history of hypothyroidism, osteopenia, diabetic myonecrosis, a long history of depression, personality disorder, myocardiac and benzodiazepine dependence, eating disorder, diabetes-related neuropathy, nephropathy and retinopathy, neopathic bladder, gastroparesis, hypercholesterolemia, history of vaginal cancer in situ and otitis media. ALLERGIES: Sulfa, Ativan/Haldol. MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION: Tacrolimus mg p.o. b.i.d., CellCept mg b.i.d., Ambien, Protonix, Lopressor mg b.i.d., Meropenem mg b.i.d., Synthroid, insulin sliding scale with Glargine, Reglan mg q. hours. LABORATORY DATA: Laboratory studies on admission revealed white count ., hematocrit ., platelets . Chemistries, sodium , potassium ., chloride , carbon dioxide of , BUN , creatinine ., glucose , calcium was ., magnesium ., phosphorus ., PT ., PTT . with an INR of .. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Physical examination on admission revealed the patient is afebrile at ., heart rate , blood pressure /, respiratory rate , sating % on room air, fingerstick was . The patient was alert and oriented times three, noncooperative, thin-appearing woman. No jugulovenous distension, supple neck. Cardiovascular examination, rate and rhythm regular, S and S without murmurs. Respiratory clear to auscultation bilaterally. Abdomen, soft, nondistended and nontender with nephrostomy tube in place. There is discomfort over the bladder noted. HOSPITAL COURSE: Given the patient's complicated history of transplanted kidney and bladder problems, Neurology was consulted before Foley catheter was placed, and nephrostomy study was planned to investigate the patient's persistent nausea and vomiting the patient underwent a barium esophagogram on . The esophagus was normal in caliber and although this was a very limited study the majority of the barium passed out of the esophagus into the stomach and proximal small bowel in ten minutes. The patient reported to the floor after this study and was given lunch, and soon thereafter the patient was found by the nursing staff to be lying on the right side in a pool of vomit and blood. The patient was unresponsive, cyanotic, gasping for air, and incontinent of stool. Vital signs at the time revealed the patient had a heart rate of with blood pressure /, breathing with her mouth with some difficulty, % on room air with a blood sugar of . Because the patient was unresponsive, the patient was emergently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit where the patient was intubated for airway production and underwent workup of her acute mental status change. The patient's Intensive Care Unit stay from went to will be summarized by systems. Central nervous system - The patient was found to be unresponsive on transfer to Intensive Care Unit. She was flaccid and her neck was stiff. Her eyes were deviated to the right side and she had upgoing toes bilaterally. The patient underwent emergent computerized tomography scan of the head without contrast which showed no evidence of acute infarct or hemorrhage, the only findings were microvascular angiopathy consistent with a history of hypertension. The patient also underwent an emergent magnetic resonance of the head and magnetic resonance angiography of the head which showed no infarct or hemorrhages. There was no evidence of mass effect, and the circle of and the major tributaries in the head showed no evidence of aneurysmal flow abnormality. The patient was suspected to have had a seizure and was empirically started on Dilantin. The patient also underwent an electroencephalogram which did not show any epileptiforms. When the patient was intubated for airway production the patient needed to be placed on Propofol for sedation. The patient underwent an lumbar puncture to rule out encephalitis and there was no evidence consistent with infectious causes of encephalitis. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head on which showed profound changes in the appearance of the brain with large areas of elevated P signal and diffusion restrictions symmetrically within the posterior temporal and occipital lobes. There were also abnormal signs of the left ischial cortex and the subtemporal white matter on the left, all demonstrating extensive enhancement. The distribution of these abnormalities all raise the possibility of Tacrolimus toxicity in this leukoencephalopathy. It should be noted that on retrospect the patient had Tacrolimus level of . the morning of . The patient was weaned off Propofol and extubated on and her neurological status was carefully observed. The patient enjoyed initial improvements, however, it was clear that the patient remained below baseline in terms of her mental status, showing impairment in higher cortical functions. The patient came out of the unit on and continued to be monitored carefully on the floor with respect to her mental status. The patient underwent a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain on which showed a resolution of the diffusion abnormality seen on the scan from with the remaining flares. This was interpreted by Radiology to be nonsuggestive of a leukoencephalopathy but more suggestive of encephalitis or infarction. However, Tacrolimus associated toxicity does not always result in irreversible changes on the scans and it is the opinion of the transplant team that the patient suffered Tacrolimus toxicity-related leukoencephalopathy. The patient underwent repeat electroencephalogram on which showed diffuse swelling consistent with encephalopathy with cortical and subcortical involvement and there were no epileptiforms. Neurology Team had been consulted since the event on , and suggested that since there was no evidence of epilepsy, electroencephalogram as well as the clinical observation, the patient be taken off of Dilantin, however, the patient remained on Keppra on discharge as per recommendations from the Neurology Consult Team. The patient was examined by Neurology Team member on the day of discharge, complaining of decrease in vision, difficulty using call buttons and so on. The patient was found to be awake, alert and oriented to self, and to location but not oriented to date or the year. The patient had fluent speech but frequent difficulty finding words and had phonetic errors. The patient was able to follow simple commands but was unable to follow complex multi-step commands. She showed neglect of left space visually but able to name left and right hands, the patient shows extinguishment on the left side. On examination, the patient showed a left pupil which was briskly reactive, right pupil which was postoperative and nonreactive. The patient demonstrates left hemifield vision loss, left facial droop with upper motor neuron pattern and tongue in the midline. The patient shows a slight left pronator drift with mild left hemithoraces, out of proportion to the over-deconditioning. All of these findings were consistent with the findings on the magnetic resonance imaging scan. Neurology Team recommends repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan in one month. The patient had been followed by Psychiatry prior to this admission and again as the patient became alert and responsive was again followed by Psychiatry Service. As mentioned above, the patient has a long history of depression as well as personality disorder, eating disorder and dependence on medications of narcotic and benzodiazepines. The patient was re-evaluated once the patient came onto the floor. She was thought to be having delirium secondary to possible metabolic abnormalities which were consistent with hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia which she has suffered. The delirium superimposing the underlying diffuse cortical injury, manifested with the patient's becoming very anxious, having some paranoid ideations requiring one to one observation as well as Haldol. The patient improved with Haldol and is improving in her other medical conditions. The patient improved psychiatrically without any suicidal or homicidal ideations or without any apparent paranoia or delusions. On the day of discharge, the patient was re-evaluated by the psychiatry attending who found the patient to be stable for transfer to a rehabilitation hospital. Cardiovascular - The patient was hypotensive initially on admission to the Intensive Care Unit with elevated white count and fever requiring some pressor support. This was consistent with the patient's picture of sepsis and once the patient was treated appropriately, the patient was weaned off of pressors without any difficulty. Otherwise the patient did not have any cardiovascular issues. Respiratory - The patient was intubated upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit for airway protection and developed bilateral infiltrates on computerized axial tomography scans and worsening chest-rays. This was consistent with aspiration pneumonitis. The patient eventually developed Aspergillus in the sputum culture as well as Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The patient was treated appropriately and was successfully extubated on . Since her extubation, the patient did not suffer any further respiratory issues. Gastrointestinal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit after the patient was stabilized, the patient was given a post pyloric feeding tube and was started on tube feeds. This continued to support her nutritionally, however, became a problem once the patient was extubated and was awake at which time the patient started pulling out her feeding tube after several attempts at trying to keep the feeding tube. The patient was started on total parenteral nutrition and was supported with total parenteral nutrition for some time before she was weaned off. By the time of discharge, the patient had improved significantly enough that she was taking adequate p.o. intake, not requiring any parenteral nutritional support. The patient did not suffer any episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding and otherwise had intact course of stay with respect to the gastrointestinal system. Renal - Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, the patient was found to have decreased urine output. Eventually it was discovered that the patient was suffering from acute tubal necrosis, however, she recovered rather quickly from this episode, and did well. The patient's highest creatinine was .. The patient returned to her baseline creatinine of . by the time of discharge. Her transplanted kidney, continued on her immunosuppressive therapy, upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, she was taking Prograf mg b.i.d. and CellCept mg b.i.d. The patient was maintained on Prograf with measurement of her levels to make sure that she was not toxic. When magnetic resonance imaging scan findings suggested that this acute mental status event of , may be due to Tacrolimus toxicity, the patient was taken off of Tacrolimus and instead was started on Rapamycin. The patient initially started off with Rapamycin mg q.d. and was titrated up to her current level of mg q.d., the last Rapamycin level was . which was therapeutic on . The patient's CellCept dose was also adjusted and on discharge, the patient was taking CellCept mg p.o. q.i.d. All in all, the patient s transplanted kidney remained functioning well with creatinine of . on discharge. Prior to discharge, the patient was in mild metabolic acidosis, this is most likely due to the ketoacidosis with the patient not being able to tolerate a basal level of Glargine for some time. Prior to discharge, this acidosis was treated with Bicitra and the patient remains on cc three times a day on discharge. This will be monitored by Transplant Center Team and the course of this will be determined during her follow up visits. The patient had a history of ureteral anastomosis necrosis and leak and had a percutaneous nephrostomy on her admission to the Intensive Care Unit. On , the day after she left the Intensive Care Unit the patient tolerated capping of the percutaneous nephrostomy tubing and on , she underwent internalization of the nephroureteral stent. Since then the patient did not have any difficulty and did not have any urinary leak. She had one episode of urinary retention while on the floor and was treated with Foley catheter. On discharge, the patient tolerated a voiding trial and was able to void without any difficulty. Endocrine system - Given the patient's long history of insulin dependent diabetes, the patient was supported on insulin drip during her stay in the Intensive Care Unit and was treated with Humalog and Glargine while she was on the floor. The patient had widely fluctuating serum glucose level and there was some difficulty attaining a therapeutic level of Glargine without becoming severely hypoglycemic. For some time, the patient became hypoglycemic on even a fraction of the usual dose of Glargine that she was used to taking and required staying off of Glargine for some time. As her mental status improved and her p.o. intake improved, the patient was able to tolerate units of Glargine a day by the time of discharge and was covered with a low level of Humalog sliding scale, please see the attached Humalog sliding scale for further details. The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was treated with Synthroid. On discharge, the patient is on Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. and her TSH on discharge was ., within normal limits. Infectious disease - The patient underwent lumbar puncture after acute mental status change which did not show any evidence of infectious encephalitis. The patient was found to have Aspergillus in her sputum which correlated with worsening pulmonary status on radiologic examination. The patient also grew out Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in her sputum. The patient was treated appropriately with antibiotics and did not have any further infectious disease related issues until the end of at which time her central venous line was taken out. This line was used for total parenteral nutrition and that line grew out Methicillin-sensitive resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Prior to discharge, the patient was found to have urinary tract infection with yeast and was started on Fluconazole. Urine fungal culture was pending at the time of discharge and the patient was discharged with Fluconazole for a two week course, requiring ten additional days of treatment at the rehabilitation. The patient also complained of having some loose bowel movements prior to discharge. The patient was empirically started on Flagyl for treatment of Clostridium Difficile. However, none of her stool samples were positive for Clostridium difficile toxin. The patient is to complete a course of Flagyl for eight more days at the rehabilitation hospital. The patient is also prescribed Metamucil to put more bulk in her bowel movement. DISCHARGE STATUS: Discharged to rehabilitation. DISCHARGE CONDITION: Fair, improving. DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: . End stage renal disease due to diabetes Type . . Status post living related renal transplant in and followed by chronic rejection. . Status post living unrelated renal transplant in . . Tacrolimus-related leukoencephalopathy. . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia as well as Aspergillus pneumonitis. . Ureteral anastomotic leak. . Diabetes Type with difficult glycemic control. In addition the patient has a diagnosis of hypothyroidism, hypercholesterolemia, osteoporosis, depression, chronic pain syndrome, chronic heel ulcers, personality disorder. DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: . Miconazole nitrate powder, apply to appropriate areas four times a day. . Nystatin , units per cc, cc p.o. q.i.d. . Protonix mg p.o. q.d. . CellCept mg one capsule p.o. q. . . Synthroid mcg p.o. q.d. . Combivent - mcg for activation one to two puffs inhaled q. hours. . Keppra mg p.o. b.i.d. . Glargine units subcutaneous at dinnertime and Humalog subcutaneous per sliding scale. . Bicitra / mg per cc, cc p.o. t.i.d. . Haldol mg p.o. t.i.d. and Haldol . mg p.o. t.i.d. prn. It should be noted that Haldol is prescribed only for treatment of her delirium and is not to continue on as permanent psychiatric medication. . Flagyl mg p.o. t.i.d. for eight days. . Fluconazole mg p.o. q.d. for ten days. . Rapamycin mg p.o. q.d. until change by Transplant Center. . Metamucil one packet p.o. t.i.d. FOLLOW UP: The patient is to follow up with Dr. at the Transplant Center on at PM. The patient needs to have her blood drawn every Monday and Thursday for complete blood count, chem-, Rapamycin level and results faxed to the Transplant Center, fax . The patient will have follow up with Dr. from Neurology Service in approximately three weeks and is recommended to have a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain with contrast in one month. The patient is to continue on Keppra until follow up with Neurology. The patient is to continue follow up with the Psychiatry Department at the rehabilitation hospital and the patient will need a neuropsychiatric evaluation in the future, no sooner than four weeks. , M.D. : MEDQUIST D: : T: : : ",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,1
